


Very, very good message for him to spend his time on right now. Something that is actually broadly popular and highlights how Trump harm the country at the same time.
Obviously, it’s not going to go anywhere but it’s about messaging right now.
It’s not going to go anywhere, yet.
This is a good rallying cry. I think both are popular and difficult for republicans to take the other side. This can be used effectively for several cycles.
Further it may well play like FDRs threatening to expand the court. It can be used to keep them in line. Too much graft or crazy rulings and this gets much more traction. It helps as a counterbalance.
Strongly in favor.
Good politics, would love to see it, will never happen
It definitely seems like a more fair process to have a president appoint one justice every two years than just randomly lose them and gain them without warning.
Sounds great but I can't imagine any constitutional amendment getting enough support to pass in the current political climate.
Many big government changes take years, decades or lifetimes to gather enough support to get enacted, but someone has to get the ball rolling and start the push. And people along the way but far from the finish line need to keep up that pushing.
Very cool but this will go nowhere with the current Congress.
But by putting it out there, it gives people something to rally around. It normalizes the conversation. Maybe in 2 years, court reform will be an obvious topic that everyone agrees on.
In favor but this feels more like “putting the idea out into the universe” than something that is actually actionable/could get passed at this point.




An unbiased medical analysis of Trump’s and Biden’s cognitive state would be interesting.
It’s something voters should know.
Should be a requirement for running for all public office
I'm shocked he's only 78. I thought he was well into his 80s.
Nope, he is 78, McConnell is 82, Pelosi is 84, and Biden is 81.
Once you get that old, the difference in age is less relevant, than health.
Absolutely. The problem is Republicans and Trump repeat things over and over, regardless of if it’s true or not, to create a perception and narrative whereas Democrats don’t operate the same way. Also, it’s not a great look or feeling to constantly go after someone’s age as an attack, and Republicans feel no shame or remorse in doing so whereas Democrats do. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illusory_truth_effect?wprov=sfti1
Trump supporters wouldn't care if he shot someone in broad daylight on 5th Avenue. Why would they care about dementia?
The only reason they talk about Biden’s age is because on every other metric of personality, character, or whatever Biden looks way better. The strategy is less about Biden than it is “hey look they’re both addled so please don’t worry about all the awful stuff trump says and does”
They should have always been going after Trump's mental acuity. Even in 2016 he was unintelligible.



It is another dog caught the car moment. They don't really know what the angle of attack should be.
Is it be weird and misogynist? Is it pretending to be lefty and talking about Marijuana convictions, or crying crocodile tears about how this is a coup? Is it go in a really weird direction and think Biden is dead? Is it trying to say Kamala conspired to keep Biden's oldness from people? Hell is it saying she laughs?
For basically the entire campaign it has been sleepy joe. Now when your candidate is the one who has seemingly fallen asleep at court or the RNC, and he has to face an energetic candidate like Harris. Of course they are nervous.
This is the perfect analogy
God I hope they lean into her track record of being an effective AG lmao
I think they're scared shitless.
So basically here's the gambit that Biden threw that Harris has now picked up:
Coming from a long-time gamer, this was masterful.
I have to admit I’ve been laughing to myself thinking about all the people waiting for their “Let’s Go Brandon” shirts and stickers in the mail.
I saw a republican acquaintence post a "Democrats are communists" meme yesterday. No mention of Biden or his age. It's like nature is healing.
I think they are. Americans have been asking for an alternative. Democrats listened.
They lash out with insane nonsense at anything they fear, and they’ve been throwing some genuinely insane shit at the wall about this. 






It's not that they're coddled, it's that Republican voters by and large don't care when their elected leaders behave in unethical and immoral ways, whereas Democratic voters usually do.
Why don't Republican voters care in the way that Democrats do?
I think it comes back to that now famous quote:
What the quote means is that, to conservatives, the law is not a tool for meting out justice. Rather, the law is a shield for protecting your friends, and a sword to be used for destroying your enemies.
Now, I don't think every single Republican voter necessarily feels that way... but enough of them do that the quote makes sense.
Interesting quote. The prevailing wind among Trump conservatives seems to be that laws are necessary for the people who need them: our people are law-abiding and theirs are not, It's this weird myth of innate goodness and moral superiority based not on actual morality but on tribalism.
While there are plenty of good conservatives that believe in fair application of the law and haven't put on the moral blinders of Trumpism, they've lost control of the ideology.
Follow-up point:
Don't interpret this too literally, because it doesn't just apply to the law. It also applies to the unwritten rules and norms, philosophies like freedom of speech, the rules of civility, etc.
We saw an example of it in Harris's Fox News interview last night.
Baier tries to hold Harris to a standard of civility that no one expects Trump to adhere to.
Because Democrats operate in good faith and Republicans don't.
This is the answer. 
Republicans run on rule of law and caring about the family. 
Their candidates vote to keep dark money in politics, cheat on their wives, and act as if the laws don't apply to them. 
Mitch McConnell is the reason the "McConnell rule" exists - that a sitting President shouldn't get to appoint judges in the last months of their Presidency. He argued against it with Trump. 
Because media has an interest in appearing "unbiased" because otherwise they'll start to lose viewers who think they're being partisan and are losing credibility. What this looks like in practice is that they try to have roughly even coverage of both parties, even when it isn't warranted.
For example, if Trump does 10 insane things and Biden does 1, media will run 1 story about each of the insane things Trump did and 10 stories about the single insane thing Biden did, rather than 1 story about each thing, so that there are 10 negative stories about each party. This has the effect of severely downplaying Republican insanity and overblowing negativity about Democrats, which then tricks voters into thinking they're similar.
Also the voters just have different ethical expectations. Democratic voters expect more from their elected officials than Republicans do from theirs, which is part of why it doesn't work for Dems to be super aggro and unhinged like it does for Republicans. Dems would actually lose votes if they do that, because it would turn off their voters.
I saw a good explanation of this recently: if Republicans all walked around shitting their pants, everyone would get mad at Democrats for complaining about it and tell them they should just plug their noses.
The answer is as simple as Republicans lack a moral framework. The GOP has become so infested by this Trump cult garbage that as long as someone will contribute to those ends they are welcome. Trump still hasn't even disavowed Robinson in the NC senate race despite him literally being a Nazi.
Eric Adams is a registered Democrat, was corrupt, and the Biden led DOJ had no issue with charging him with those crimes. Paul Manafort, Roger Stone, and others in Trump's circle were convicted of similar crimes involving Russia and Trump gave them clemency.
I do think on some level there has been a failure of the media to address the fact that the democrats are treated with a different level of expectations than the Republicans are. Republicans get graded on a curve, but they are so bad that any attempt to acknowledge it will just make you look biased.
Because that is what their respective bases want.
Isn't complex.
The left runs on moral decency. Sexual harassment is a big nono to left voters. GOP used to be like that. If this is 2000, and a huge sex scandal was discovered for W, he'd be immediately abandoned by conservative voters.






I wish Al Gore had been President
Yeah, Al Gore is one of greatest what-ifs of all time.
I'm going to go back further, to RFK.
Yes! If I'm gonna what if about a presidential election, it's that one! Just imagine how clean and quiet the world would be had we gone in that direction instead.
It’s an interesting what if. It means we wouldn’t have the major damage of the Trump presidency but we also wouldn’t have any of the historic accomplishments of the Democrats trifecta.
It would’ve truly been 4-8 years of nothing happening at all.
We'd have the court, unless the GOP was so willing to obstruct they'd allow a court with 6 justices
You said exactly what I was thinking! And I will add that we also wouldn’t have a super- conservative Supreme Court (6-3), and Roe vs Wade would not have fallen. Also, things like the right to birth control would not be threatened.
And as a bisexual person, I would not be quaking in my boots about what the Supreme Court could do to LGBT+ rights!
And the Covid death toll would have been MUCH lower! Just starting with the fact that she would NOT have dismantled the pandemic team, like Trump did!
It is refreshing to see a conservative who appreciates Hillary Clinton. Thank you for posting!
I think that if Hillary Clinton had been elected president, there's a 0% chance we would have ended up using refrigerated truck trailers to store dead bodies because the morgues were full. But I also think that "Uncle Joe" Biden was the perfect candidate for his time. He's someone we've known for a long time. He's already had the #2 position, and he has a lot of friends on the Hill. We also know he's a good person, as evidenced by the number of times he had to hike his ass up to the Hill to negotiate with Republicans who refused to even talk to the president at the time. Plus, he has a sense of humor and he likes ice cream. Biden was the comforting president we all needed.
Now, we just have to tromp on the Republicans one last time to shut them down forever and we can get back to boring politics again.








In short it's an issue in the US because of the clear and ongoing role the US plays in the conflict.
We send many billions in express military aid to arm the IDF for the purpose of carrying out the attacks on Gaza that are currently ongoing.
We are in the UN and international community in general one of very few voices and certainly the most powerful one blocking resolutions to condemn Israel's actions and recognize Palestinian statehood.
https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/un-security-council-vote-thursday-palestinian-un-membership-2024-04-18/
So this conflict is very much a US issue because we're taking an ongoing role in it.
We are not currently playing such an active role in things that happened 100 years ago.
We are not supporting Boko Haram with direct military aid.
People tend to protest when their government is doing something specific they don't like to create pressure on their government to change. There is nothing any Americans could chant that would undo the Armenian genocide and the US is already cooperating with the Nigerian government against Boko Haram.
This explanation completely falls apart when you look at Yemen. The US sent $50 billion to Saudi Arabia to bomb the Houthis in Yemen during the recent civil war from 2015 to 2022. 377,000 people died in that war, including 85,000 children who starved to death just in the first three years of the seven year war. Most of that can be attributed directly or indirectly to the US funded Saudi bombing campaign. (For comparison, a total of 32 people have been reported to die from malnutrition and dehydration in Gaza.) The niche corners of the left who cared about this issue were definitely opposed to US funding of Saudi Arabia, and this was an important foreign policy issue for them, but there is no comparison on any level whatsoever to the overwhelming ideological and emotional response to Israel and Gaza. The war in Gaza right now is arguably the most disproportionately scrutinized war in human history. My personal opinion is that wars between different Arab groups seem more complicated and are less easy to stereotype and take sides than wars between markedly different ethnic groups and cultures.
Is this question for liberals or leftists? Cause leftists have had anti war protests targeted Azerbaijan/Armenia, as well as to stop the Tigray war, as well as against the conflict in South Sudan. Are you asking why there isn’t media coverage of these issues?
I think the answer to your question is that these other conflicts aren’t a sexy story for the media. Israel/Palestine has a longer history in the minds of American audiences and is a story many Americans are attached to emotionally (going back to the whole WW2 being the “good war” thing
Totally different scale of protest in America and much of Europe.
Please don’t lump us all in on Palestine. I think the fervor is coming from a very vocal subgroup.
I see your point that it's not the only global issue, and maybe in this current moment, some people are singularly focused on it, but I think there are legitimate reasons for that (i.e. the US financial and political involvement in that particular conflict, the massive loss of life, etc).
But I disagree with the premise that "liberals care so much about Palestine" and, especially the idea that they have for a "long time". I think there's a huge difference between the way many "liberals" and "progressive/leftists" feel about the situation. Sure, in decidedly leftist and socialist circles, there's been a consistent focus on it, but I wouldn't at all say it was the 1# issue.
But overall, this issue hasn't at all been at the forefront of American progressive politics in recent years up until October '23. I paid attention to the 2016 and 2020 Democratic primaries almost religiously (I'm a nerd) and the issue barely came up. If it had, the "I voted for Biden last time but I don't think I can now because of his position on Israel/Palestine" would all look pretty silly seeing as Biden's position on Israel has remained steadfast for like 50 years. I also don't remember seeing any of his progressive challengers dedicating any meaningful time or energy running to his left on that issue. If it was "the 1# issue" that would be a pretty enormous blunder for Warren and Sanders.
Lack of information and Propaganda for the short answer. They need the left split apart in the US it’s the only way they’ll get their paid for candidate in
This is a strawman argument and deceptive framing by OP…my progressive friends and I have been critical of Putin, MBS, Sudanese political figures, Erdogan, Iranian leaders, Israeli leaders, Hamas, etc for years now.
Just because some pro-Palestinian protesters and activists and voters are actually antisemitic doesn’t mean the vast, vast majority of pro-Palestinian Americans and protesters are antisemitic. I don’t think the vast majority of pro-Israel liberals are genocidal psychos who get off on killing Palestinian children…because that’s not true and doesn’t produce meaningful dialogue. It’s flippant and false and propagandistic and obtuse to think the protesters who criticize Israel’s war in Gaza are just antisemitic and love Hamas…
P.S.: We are Israel’s top weapons supplier, whereas we don’t provide arms to Putin, Iranians, the Chinese, etc. We are inextricably tied to Israel’s actions on Gaza because we give them immense resources to conduct their military operations…this is not the case in like Darfur for instance.
I would point out that there is also the cultural aspect. Israel and Russia seem to be similar to us (west) and both get a fair share of criticism. But israel is seen as a western democracy and should be able to reason with.
I have no idea how my criticism of Iran could ever make any sense. It's so obvious that there is no chance of having any influence over them. The Israeli people are supposed to be more open to democratic discourse and willing to improve their relations with the west on which they heavily rely on.




Honestly, I think a big part of the problem is that everybody concentrated on the insurrection at the capital. As awful as it was ultimately there are people who look at it and say that nothing really happened. There’s plenty of photos of average looking people that seem to have been swept up in what was going on and, the QAnon Shaman is so ridiculous that it’s likely to make some people willing to dismiss the whole thing.
The fake electors plot is the real scandal, but it’s complicated. In a country in which most people do not have the first fucking clue as to how legislation gets passed, expecting them to understand the fake electors plot might be asking too much.
Add to that that new cycles move unbelievably fast now. We were busy with Covid and then the end of Covid and the vaccinations and then Ukraine and on and on. Embarrassing as it is I think a lot of people have just moved on.
The fake electors, presiding state legislators to declare him the winner, his call with the GA SoS, pressuring Pence to throw out EC votes, and the attack on the capital were all part of the same attempted coup.
SCOTUS should have read the plain text of 14A and confirmed that he is ineligible.
Especially in regards to Trump. There's a new scandal, some new ridiculous thing he did/said every few days in a way that prevents the really bad stuff from latching on.
We've been inundated with "10 Crazy Shit Trump Said Yesterday; You Won't Believe Number 7!" type stories for like nearly a decade at this point, rapidly moving on is basically the only thing most people can do.
FACTS. It's inarguable that Trump attempted to coup the government -- even Trump doesn't argue it; he says he should be immune from prosecution for it -- but nobody actually knows the details of the elector scheme so their minds go straight to "BUt THey dIdn'T BRiNg guNS."
I've long had a fairly low opinion of how many American voters make their decisions ... "he seems like a guy I'd want to have a beer with!" and nonsense like that. But I've got to say, the way Trump's post-election behavior quickly became normalized or sent down the memory hole really shocked me. Not just Jan.6, but Trump's lies and constant whining in the months leading up to it ... the fake electors ... the demand that all Republican politicians play along with the Big Lie that the election was stolen from Trump ... we've never seen anything like it in my lifetime, and people just kind of ... moved on. I will never understand this.
Growing up rurally in a red state it was hammered into us that certain things were sacred; democracy, the military/veterans, marriage, etc.
Watching a Manhattan billionaire shit on absolutely all of those values and have red-staters have more fervor for him than any other politician in my lifetime blows my fucking mind.
You live in a country full of very stupid, selfish people, indifferent to anything that doesn’t immediately and personally affect them.
Take that to heart, and you will better understand American politics, as well as understand the challenges that people who want to make things better face.
I still remember his 4 years in office. I still remember January 6th.
I suspect there's a lot of people who feel the same way of never allowing this man back in office.
Because a significant amount of voters don’t care about democracy
This shouldnt be a surprise, look at our history, its blatant




WaPo editorial board against disqualification.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2023/12/20/colorado-14th-amendment-trump-insurrection/
I'm against disqualification too. I dont think that clause in the 14th is a good thing. However if thats the law then so be it, but a far more formal process should ideally be in place to define 'engaging in insurrection.'
Even then, Trump's plainly inexcusable and intolerable behavior may not fit neatly into criminal statutes. I don't think that legislators can be so shrewd as to design laws to protect against such behavior without seriously imperiling 1st amendment and other rights. The answer has always been for voters to punish him, unfortunately the GOP continues to be a moral and intellectual wasteland.
Do you feel the same way about the seditious conspiracy charges that various Proud Boys and OathKeepers members were hit with?
That’s exactly what I’ve been saying the issue is.
And the question isn’t even - if the Colorado District Court had sufficient evidence, in that particular case, to consider Trump having committed insurrection?
Rather, the question is - can we leave it to any district court, without a jury, to decide what the bar of evidence is, and if the evidence is sufficient to consider some candidate having committed insurrection?
Either a district court, without a jury, in a civil trial has the authority to set the bar, or it doesn’t. And if it does - that’s a dangerous allowance.
Edit - like a Republican leaning District Court, without a jury, could say the bar is simply saying the word “fight”, to ban a Democrat candidate. That’s much less evidence than Colorado. But who is to say that isn’t sufficient? Because there’s no standard on what constitutes insurrection. And there’s no jury.





Honestly? Any of the following:
"Trump can do whatever the fuck he wants. If you point it out, you are the boy crying wolf, to a pack of wolves."
credit to u/BetterSelection7708
https://www.reddit.com/r/AskALiberal/comments/1g89a3m/comment/lswn3an/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button
This is one of the things I just can't understand. In 2016, I felt scared for our country when trump was elected. In 2020, I felt personally relieved and happy for our country when Biden was elected.
During the current election, I never once have been motivated by vengeance or had the thought cross my mind of "i can't wait for the right wing to be upset and suffer when Kamala wins". But I've seen several comments of trump supporters saying things about how they can't wait to see how upset liberals are going to be if trump wins.
Like wtf is that?
It's been interesting watching Legal Eagle initially try to avoid being too partisan, but then slowly realize he has to with how crazily undemocratic MAGA has become.
Because his criminality is an asset for Republican voters, not a liability. 
Because:
Conservatives don’t actual care about policy, morals, ethics or the law.
They care about winning.
Because Republicans are just like Trump, they want laws that protect them but don't bind them, and laws to bind others but not protect them.
You can see it in the sheer panic meltdown they went through after Kamala's interview on 60 Minutes. Everyone and their mother knows 60 minutes will edit an interview, they certainly know that that the exact quote given in a blurb will look different when you actually watch the program. However, if it has a hint of helping the woman their head's explode. Again, laws that protect them but do not bind, and laws that bind others but do not protect them.
Biden has endorsed Vice President Harris
https://x.com/JoeBiden/status/1815087772216303933
Edit:
Jared Polis has endorsed Harris in the most online gamer way possible
https://x.com/jaredpolis/status/1815086635161424301
Bill and Hillary Clinton have endorsed Harris.
List of endorsements that have been rapidly coming in from across the party
https://www.businessinsider.com/democrats-endorsing-kamala-harris-to-replace-joe-biden-2024-7?amp
Edit 2:
Statement from President Obama
https://barackobama.medium.com/my-statement-on-president-bidens-announcement-1eb78b3ba3fc
Edit 3:
All 50 state chairs have endorsed Harris according to early reporting
https://www.reuters.com/world/us/all-50-democratic-party-us-state-chairs-back-harris-sources-2024-07-21/
Mark Kelly for VP please! That man is an astronaut!!!!

As long as they don't nominate Hillary for VP I think we will be alright.
Even the Democrats aren’t that dumb 
So relieved that we'll be relying on the dipshit swing voters to be any less sexist than they were in 2016
In 2016 the election seemed like a done deal for Clinton. A lot of people started at home because they thought that she was going to win anyway, and they weren't particularly excited by her.
I don't think there will be as much apathy this time around.
Whitmer has stated she will not challenge Harris for the nomination.



Brainwashing isn’t the right word to use. Regardless it wasn’t Trump that did it.
The rise of right wing media has created a loop in which their media convinces the base of something extreme, the base demands that the politicians move to meet their expectations, the media continues to push more extreme and on and on on.
The understanding of the people at the top of this, including politicians, donors, and the media owners themselves was that they did this to get votes but they didn’t have to give the base anything substantial. Just get power and get deregulation and tax cuts for themselves and throw the base some crumbs.
Trump was an inevitable result of this. He stepped in and said the quiet parts out loud which is what the base was waiting for.
Very much this. The only thing I would add is:
...because the truth is hard. Really hard. ...having to admit when evidence proves you wrong is hard. Having to examine your biases is HARD. ...being Liberal is hard.
The audio recording of Vance planning to restrict women’s ability to cross state borders is a great example of this: Vance creates a totally implausible, fictional set of events — with Soros as the evil mastermind of course - and then figures out how to stop that fictional event from happening with real policy.
Instead of coming up with a way to help people.
I have no idea.
The thing I'll never understand is that Trump is a malignant narcissist. He has a long, verifiable history of using and exploiting people and then throwing them away like used tissues when he is done, leaving a trail of abused, betrayed people behind him
What I can't figure out is why do his voters think they are exempt?
They're like teenage girls dating a guy who has abused and cheated on every woman who he has ever been with, who sincerely think that the guy will be nice and monogamous to them for some reason.
But these aren't random teen girls. This is 60 million adults doing it at the same time
Some people, due to trauma and inexperience, fall for the wiles and scams of narcissists like Trump.
But 60-70 million adults?
Religion?
If you take the same tack about women being abused but defending their abuser as though “I made him act this way”, it fits Christianity perfectly.
“Our father” never showed his face, but if you don’t have faith in him he’ll put you in his torture chamber he built for you — but he’s “soooo loving”. We are just broken and sinful and only he can fix us. It’s classic narcissistic abuse excuses.
He didn't. Their reactionary media did. Trump just wants power. He really is that much of a megalomaniac. He will say anything to supercharge an army of supporters. I would estimate he believes only about half the shit he says truly.
Why are so many Americans ignorant? So many reasons, but mostly because they're angry about something. I'm trying to keep this statement as bipartisan an possible.
I don't think Donald Trump believes in anything except that Donald Trump should have unlimited wealth and power.
You should study Bob Altemeyer's research on right-wing authoritarians. Here are some links.
https://theauthoritarians.org
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Right-wing_authoritarianism
Here are some bullet points:
For the last point, I recommend reading The Dictator's Handbook by Bruce Bueno de Mesquita, which describes the structural differences between democracies and dictatorships. If you synthesize Altemeyer's theory on authoritarian personalities and Bueno de Mesquita's selectorate theory, you have there an explanation why democracies are more liberal, egalitarian, and intellectually vibrant than dictatorships.
We’ve eroded the middle class in the US enough that people are afraid and can’t find opportunity. Fear is the mind killer. For some people, that makes them susceptible to the argument that it’s someone else’s fault. People in this state look for a strongman. Trump comes in blaming other people, promoting an image of being rich and powerful, and it resonates with their fear and need to be saved.
It also ties nicely into racism. If white people think they naturally are better and deserve prosperity, a great explanation is that brown people stole it from them.





Yes. This (quoted, but lightly-edited) helps explain why:
Yes I have noticed this for YEARS. Despite this the uncool Democrats still get elected. It took years for myself to finally realize I was a milquetoast moderate liberal. I have made peace with it.
Well that's grim. Why do you think this phenomenon wouldn't be symmetrical with the Republican party?
It’s just trolls. But also, most Americans either don’t believe the news or the media is so disjointed that they never hear about it regardless.
All you can do is amplify positive messages and vibes, tbh.
It is real, and it is incredibly distressing. For a moment I thought we might have learned something from the 2016 election. Namely, that spending the whole year leading up to the election shitting on your preferred candidate for being less than perfect actually makes it far more likely that your ideological opponent will be elected. But people don't change and online leftists have not developed a better understanding of strategic voting or the value of incremental progress. The revolution is not coming. Most Americans like their lives. "Let Trump burn it all down and we'll build something from the ashes" is not a viable strategy.
A lot of it is just venting and many of the venters will vote for Biden on election day. But they're not venting into a vacuum. The endless complaints about Biden from the left will have a negative effect on enthusiasm and voter turnout. There are real world consequences for irresponsible speech.
A lot of it's real, but don't forget that social media campaigns still exist and are very much coordinated from the right. And I'm not talking about anything grass roots.
The good news is that the far left has threatened to pull support but they don't show up anyway. Numbers for under 35s are still in the toilet. There are also a decent number of people in higher tax brackets who prefer stability and don't mind a centrist at the helm if their portfolios are still doing well. These are the same people who knew that Trump was a fool in the 80s. They are very much not online.
None of this is to imply that there isn't a lot of work to be done, and I'll suggest to anyone that they get in touch with their local party reps and volunteer in whatever way they can and provide rational responses online to some of the BS that shows up from both ends of the horseshoe.
My theory is that Russian propaganda was very focused on evangelicals and young white men in 2016. It worked great for the Russians in 2016 but they saw that it wasn't enough in 2020 so now for this election cycle the propaganda is focused on the left-wing. Instead of convincing us to vote for Trump they're just trying to convince us to sit out or vote third party.
I don't know what constructive thing there is to do. When people are hating on Biden I just pipe up and say I'll be voting for Biden even if he is decomposing in a casket and then accept the "leftists" screaming at me for not trying to burn down my own country.
This happens every election. Many (usually younger, more idealistic) leftists find some reason to hate the US Democratic party (They hurt Bernie, They raised taxes, They didn't condemn X war, DAE Hamas isn't that bad?) and they rally around it and get super loud because being loud and hating democrats gets tons of media attention.
But the ones that aren't complete idiots will still vote left in the election, since only a complete fucking idiot would look at say, Biden V Trump, and conclude Trump would be BETTER for Palestine/the border/lgbt rights etc. And the complete idiots were already lost votes as it were.



He also said "I'm not Christian" but then caught himself mid-babble and now it's on the transcript as "(unintelligible)"
It’s never mattered whether or not he’s a Christian. It only matters if his policies and rhetoric empower Christians
That’s American right wing Christianity in a nutshell. They don’t care about Jesus and would be the ones to crucify him in today’s age. 
In my opinion, he meant it to sound how it sounds. He also meant it to be somewhat deniable
He wants to get back on the news, I think, and this kind of ambiguous threats has served him well before
The best possible good faith explanation for his speech is this:
He genuinely believes that him (and conservatives in general) would never lose if elections were fair - the only way people who are not republicans can possibly win is by cheating.
Therefore they need to get out the vote as much as possible NOW, so he gets elected and can stop those evil democrat cheaters from cheating forever.
Then they won't have to turn out in overwhelming numbers to win elections. They'll just naturally win because they have such a majority.
That seems to line up with previous statements and actions.
Best case: he is delusional and thinks the above is true.
Worst case: he knowingly wants to become a dictator for life.
Personally, I think it's a little of column a and a little of column b. Both? Both. Both is good.
That's the kind of way that a narcissists speak, so they can gaslight you later.
He is an narcissistic egomaniac who cannot accept that he could possibly lose fairly.
And yes, I recognize that the reality is the reverse of this. Gerrymandering, voter suppression, and everything that goes into it are the things that give republicans the lock on races. The way the senate and electoral college are structured play into this, even how primaries are run play into this.
Wow, I miss the days when someone making themselves look like a fool by screaming would tank their presidential campaign.
This statement alone should make him have a zero percent in polling.
Here's the quote in context:
Stop giving Trump the benefit of plausibly deniability.
Trump knows what he is. His audience knows what he is. That's exactly why they vote for him.
In all honesty, it sounded more like he is saying that he will make every single change that they want, to the country, and it won't matter who is running, because it will all be law, and they will have made sure that those laws are unchangeable.
Which is actually even scarier that the idea that some beleive that he thinks he can become ruler for life, and appoint whoever he wants to take over, after him, etc...
.. Because project 2025 IS the plan to make the government become a republican safe space where nobody else gets to make laws.... No matter who else is office.
They plan to take over every check, balance, and back up, so that nobody can stop them from making this country into Christo fascist hell hole.
Excellent points. I didn't think of it that way, but I think you nailed it.
The issue with Trump is he intentionally throws out shit that can be construed in very different ways.
Narcissists are good at that

















Spending tends to go down under Democratic presidents and tends to go up under Republican presidents.
Please read this excerpt of Bill Clinton's acceptance speech, in an article that fact checks it:
...and if you don't believe that, just ask Donald Trump:
The last time Trump was president, we had the worst economic downturn since The Great Depression.
They are quite simple. Your car breaks down, and you need to buy a replacement part; you have two options:
If Trump puts a 20% tariff on all imports -- as he has said he would -- then the Canadian part could only be purchased for 20% over its original price, or $1,200 USD.
You might think 'then I will just buy the American-made part for $1,100 USD' but you can't. They only kept the price that low due to competition from the Canadian alternative. The American company raises their prices to $1,200 minimum, because they no longer fear losing sales from raising their price.
It is worse than that. Tariffs aren't good at raising revenue.
I think most of us would be delighted if Harris was as liberal as conservatives make her out to be. Honestly, I think she's possibly more in line with your thinking than mine.
There is not a single member of the Democratic Party or person voting for Kamala Harris, other than perhaps Kamala Harris herself who is 100% in alignment with her views. There is not a single member of the Democratic Party coalition that is 100% on board with the overall consensus of the Democratic Party.
Looking at your issue slate, you seem to fit very comfortably within the mainstream of the Democratic Party and to not fit at all in the mainstream of the Republican Party
Standard Democratic position.
Federal money is not like personal money. Having said that, Democratic presidents tend to be much better than Republican presidents with the economy, even with the deficit. The difference between Republicans and Democrats on spending is that Republicans want to spend on tax cuts for the wealthy, and Democrats want to spend on things that will improve people's lives and the economy.
Standard Democratic position.
Standard Democratic position.
Standard Democratic position.
Standard Democratic position, except that Democrats haven't given up on it like Republicans and actually want to fix it.
Wow. I always thought my views were moderate because they seemed pretty reasonable and not too extreme, but maybe they are just reasonable because the democratic party is reasonable.
Ignore it if you must, but understand just how extreme the Republican position is.
Women who wanted children and wanted to be pregnant have been denied medically necessary abortions. Being denied those medically necessary abortions threatens their lives and their future ability to bear children.
Note: This isn't a hypothetical...
...and here is an article about a woman who's fertility was threatened by being denied a medically-necessary abortion.
Do you put any weight to the fact that the majority of economists agree that Harris will be better for the economy?
The thought process is that making foreign goods more expensive, it makes American goods competitive. Economists generally agree that tariffs are bad policy and ineffective at their main goal.
This is a good instinct. I personally don't think I could vote for someone that sent fraudulent electors to Congress to try to overturn an election.
I'm from a conservative household, and I'm not hugely left leaning, so we might be similar in that regard. Still, the answer of who to vote for is pretty clear in my mind 
This could have been written by Kamala Harris herself.
This is the position of mainstream Democrats.
Trump is incompetent, unreliable, and dishonest.
100% disqualifying for the most powerful position on Earth. It doesn't matter what his policies are.





Yes. They've completely dropped all pretense that it's illegal immigration that they have a problem with. Springfield does have a large Haitian immigrant population, but they're mostly here legally. Republicans don't care. They'll still fear-monger over them.
It's just racism.
Oh no, this shift was entirely predictable. This is always where they were headed.
Of course it's racism. You notice how it's Mexican rapists or Panamanian caravans or Venezuelan gangs or Haitian pet eaters, but never British immigrants driving up tea prices or Canadian immigrants politely taking the lady off the syrup bottle?
They just really don't like people who aren't white, and they're smart enough to know that demonizing immigrants plays better than saying that.
I feel the biggest crazy pill is that MTG is fighting with Laura Loomer over being racist. Like why does she even care?
You mean the party with the presidential candidate who campaigned for a complete and total shut down of all Muslims entering the USA?
The same candidate who called Black athletes ‘SOBs’ and said they should be fired because of their peaceful and legal protests to highlight racism in the police and the justice system?
The same candidate who just months later pardoned a sheriff who broke a court order demanding that he stop his racist police practises? And called him a patriot?
The same candidate who was a vocal defender of statues erected to honour Confederate leaders and called people who marched side by side with neo-Nazis and neo-Confederates ‘very fine people?
The same candidate who said his opponent - who has Jamaican father - “turned Black”?
The same candidate who wouldn’t shut up asking whether the nation’s first Black president was born in the USA? And continues to call him by his full name - Barack Hussein Obama?
That candidate? For the Republicans? May have some prejudices against people who are not white, you say?
The same one who bitches about anchor babies, chain migration and Marxist fathers. Baron, Melania’s father and her declared Marxist father.
JD Vance has openly stated that he doesn't care whether these claims are true or not, he just wants to use these stories focus on crimes by Haitian asylum seekers.
You have the republican VP candidate stating that he will support misinformation involving a racial caricature if it means people want to kick them out.
This is the natural end point of socially Conservative viewpoints and it's been out in the open ever since Lee Atwater said the "N-Word N-Word" thing in 1981.
I truly cannot believe people can't see this, and I say that as someone that thinks they're moderately more understanding of Conservatives than a lot of liberals are.
Its hard for me to believe not because I didnt think they were racist. They were always racist. Its more surprising to me because of how shameless they are about it now. They used to have to hide it behind coded language. Now they are just going on twitter and openly pushing Hitler apologia.
I'm an immigrant from China. Back when I first came here, there was rumors going around how Chinese restaurant workers were eating stray cats and dogs and even rats.
Racism never change.




The media are like a bunch of toddlers, they throw a tantrum if they are ignored for even a short amount of time.
Yeah, that's really all it comes down to. Harris is currently on a rally blitz. Much to the media's chagrin, she probably won't sit down for an interview until after the convention. A popular Conservative talking point right now is that she doesn't have a platform, but that will also be defined after the convention.
Low expectations.
Keep in mind, the news media has an incentive to goad Harris into talking to them more; it produces more content for them.
The bar for Republicans is at the bottom of the Money Pit on Oak Island.
Trump is always held to a different standard but to be fair his policy plan is published:
https://www.project2025.org/policy/
"Nuh uh. Fake News. Trump hasn't acknowledged it. Agenda 47. Nobody cares about what a stupid no name super pac says!" - Some conserative poster.
It’s funny bc his “real agenda” wasn’t posted until either right before or right after the RNC. which is customary for both parties. Usually the candidate will have the general party platform on their website and then it changes later in the race. But I feel like with trump supporters in particular, they were never really into politics prior to trump, so basically anything trump tells them to question, they do. Even when there is precedent.
It's less Trump in particular and more Republicans in general. Republicans are always treated with kid gloves, lobbed the softest of softballs, and generally given way more leeway; I think part of it is because they're way more likely to just constantly bitch and moan about "biased media" when it's not bending over backwards to be biased towards them.



My wife knows a woman at work who, just a few weeks ago, began strongly advocating for Donald Trump. This person has apparently not voted previously (she is 40) but saw something Trump had said that she really liked and all of a sudden decided he was the best person to be the president.
This same person, just last week, apparently just discovered that abortion was no longer protected and that states had been passing and enacting restrictive laws. She apparently went on a huge pro-choice rant about how the president should “reinstate roe v wade”.
My point here is that some people have no clue about politics and just straight up don’t know who stands for what. Some people vote based on vibes, not policy.
“Some” is probably the understatement of the week.
David Pakman had a woman on his show recently that loved Trump. The policies that she said were important to her were the exact opposite of what Trump had espoused. It really is about vibes for a lot of people.
This is so huge, and it's an indictment of our educational system, which the Republicans have been tearing down for my entire adult life.
Trump goes on stage and talks about how terrible it is when your flight is delayed and the audience says "Yeah! That is terrible! And the airport restaurants are so expensive! And I hate sitting there on uncomfortable chairs! This guy understands us!" But at no time during the speech does Mr. Trump explain what he will do to end flight delays, or even whether/how flight delays are part of the President's job.
This is what we are fighting against, and it's infuriating.
Bernie and Trump both tapped into the anti-establishment sentiment. That’s the through line.
And that is the point where it would end. If they liked Bernie for his policy stances there is 0% chance they’d flip, but if they only liked him because he came off as anti establishment then trump was a natural pivot. I’ve never met a single one of them who have supported Bernie and went to trump but loved Bernie’s policy stances
This is the real answer. They're both populists. They both ran on "We've gotta get rid of the 1% in politics/Drain the swamp" populism message.
Populism. They got mad when Democrat voters and the DNC rejected a populist, so they went with the other one. 
This. People don’t necessarily vote on policy. If Hilary Clinton had been spurned by the DNC, and a bunch of people switched to vote for Sarah Palin instead, you might conclude that the voters didn’t really care about policy, what they wanted to do was vote for a woman.
In America there is a huge amount of resentment among the working class because the working class feels they have gotten a bad deal. So working class Americans want to vote for someone, anyone, who will attack the elites and tear down the system. Bernie wanted to tear down the system and the working class believed him. Hillary Clinton, despite having policies that were much closer to Bernie than Trump, didn’t give the “tear down the system” vibe. So people didn’t vote for her.










I think there's a very large portion of the population that doesn't understand the very real threat the country is under right now.
Speaking as someone from the outside looking in I have to say this:
Far too many of your countrymen, on both sides, think the US is somehow magically immune to falling to authoritarianism and fascism. And it could be your downfall if some sort of wake-up check doesn't happen.
I get that America has made the whole land of the free rah rah democracy stuff part of your national branding but that's what it is, branding. It doesn't confer any special protection or change the fact a democratic nation, regardless of who it is, needs maintenance and to be vigilant to people who won't engage with democracy in good faith. Because those are the people who are going to fucking break it if allowed.
I can’t make any sense of it. It’s like watching a USA network TV show where you know the crazy plot point they are trying to get to and every character is acting totally inexplicably in order to hurry up get the show to the concept except I can’t change the channel.
It’s not even that no one has any spine. If you are a coward, it would make the most sense to vote against Trump. If you are selfish and wand more money, it makes sense to vote for democrats historically, and in the case of Trump proposing a tariff war, it’s wildly bad for people with a large net worth to vote for a clearly inflationary policy. Who is this for?
No one’s behavior makes any sense to me. When I think it’s in my head, I find a conservative person and ask them whether they think the 2020 election was stolen or 70% of republicans are just lying constantly or morons. No one can answer this question. It’s like a video game interaction the developers didn’t write a conversation tree for and it just breaks the mechanic.
On the plus side, the hack lets you instantly end a conversation with anyone saying anything right wing.
I used to ask anyone MAGA why they hate America and got the same kind of baffled silence.
Most voters are not into politics enough to write a six paragraph rant on Reddit about their grievances. Sometimes it’s really as simple as their perception. They see it like: Under Biden: Inflation, high interest rates, wars, crummy economy. Under Trump: Low inflation, no war, low interest rates, good economy.
Then they say they were better off under Trump. They won’t look deep into any of it, but that’s about as far as they’ll go. This is the majority of voters that don’t really pay attention to politics. As for Trumps crimes, I can’t find the stats but there were a few polls that stated a large majority of voters thought that the investigations against Trump were biased so there’s that.
I'll write a rant but I won't read one
A lot of it is tribal
I'm on team Conservative
I'm on Team Trump
I'm on team pickup trucks
I'm on team Chevy
I'm on team rural (even though I really just live in the suburbs)
One perspective is a few months ago someone asked here if Joe Biden shot a man dead on fifth avenue and Trump was the Republican nominee would you still vote for Biden? And the majority of folks here said yes, still Biden. 
So that's just one thing, but it shows how people can prioritize larger political goals over the personal ethics of a person. In the same way many Trump voters think the political goals override the personal moral objections to the candidate, or they just think the bad stuff he does is cool. Works either way for Trump
It wont last long. If Project 2025 really does congeal, we the people will end that shit.
Once people find out what that political mandate really means for their personal lives, America will take back power from Magastan. The problem is, we'll have to do it with force at that point.
Fucking hell I did not want that Civil War movie to be a reality, but it looks very much like where we're headed.
And no, Biden winning this year will not stop the current rightwing fascist movement. He's a weak president, with a weak AG, and clings too hard to precedence and decorum. We need a vicious one as a dem-potus, for once. ENOUGH calmly informing the bear that we're not a natural part of their diet.




It's a double standard. It's just people who are anti-Harris for whatever reason looking for an excuse to smear. The Democrats publish a platform, and since Harris is a form on incumbent, we can look at the current administration to get an idea of what Harris will do.
It's sad and tired and I'm tired of the constant bad faith bullshit.
You're right; it's a double standard. What we've got on the right is a cult of personality. That has always been a factor in American politics. A lot of people on both sides have always chosen their candidate based on how they felt about him as a person, not on his policies. Is he the kind of guy you'd like to have a beer with?
(I use the masculine pronoun partly out of habit and partly because this attitude began when only men were ever candidates.)
Yet candidates used to always feel an obligation to talk about policies. Talking about policies is how they demonstrated their seriousness and competence. Trump seems to have given that up, and so have a lot of his supporters.
Partly because democrats are expected to be adults and have policies and republicans are expected to run on fear and to obfuscate their actual agenda.
That’s largely based on differences in the activist groups for each coalition. Republican leaders, activists and donors - with the exception of the anti-abortion and gun lobby - don’t demand that republicans state the agenda. If I want somebody to put forth in agenda, that makes it easier to pollute, reduce worker protections and lowers taxes on the ultra wealthy, I don’t make my candidates say they want that. I just assume that when a Republicans is elected, they will do Republican things.
Democratic activist groups on the other hand demand public statements about issues. They don’t care if that issue isn’t good electorally and when statements are made, they always manage to state how they are lacking.
—
In this particular case, it’s also being driven disingenuously by Republicans. They want Kamala Harris to state a position, hoping that she’ll take one that is demanded by some liberal or progressive activist group that is not broadly popular so they can elevate and misrepresent it.
I’ve really gotten to a point where I feel like activists shoot themselves in the face by making demands of a candidate prior to the election. Get the person most likely to be receptive to your demands in the halls of power, then hold their feet to the fire. Demanding perfection prior to the election just opens up weaknesses for others to exploit.
Because all the attacks on her are not landing, so they need something else. They don’t care about policies at all 
I think we know a good amount about both candidates' policy agendas and goals. Obviously, since Trump was president for four years, we have a better window into what he will be like as president... and obviously because Harris jumped into the race VERY late, we don't have as much concrete information being put out by her.
It's important to note that Democrats have a platform and, in the absence of a specific Harris platform, we can assume the Vice President's vision mostly aligns with that.
The focus on her "lack of policies" is just a political attack, hoping to generate doubt among voters. The people who are complaining about it would not suddenly be happy if she posted a 900-page platform document. They would just shift to using that to attack her.
It's the same thing with the "she won't do an interview" attack line. They don't actually care if she does interviews. They just want to cast doubt on her and hopefully goad her into a situation where she says something they can attack.
They said the same basic stuff about Biden in 2020, that he was hiding from the press, refused to do events, etc.
Right now, all they can do is criticize her for not engaging the way they want her to. It's not the strongest line of attack and kind of makes conservatives look whiny and weak.
I'd personally rather see a platform and see interviews, etc. I think they're good - and I bet Harris thinks they're good.
But more than whatever I want... I want her to win. If her team thinks this is the strategy to win... I support it. I know enough about her and about Trump to cast my vote already.
The most charismatic candidate wins. Policies be damned.
Trump policy is well described in Project 2025 which is a massive, 920-page document that outlines exactly what the next Trump presidency would look like.
Indeed.
We've had eight years to learn what Trump's policy is on healthcare. All we know at this point was his admission that he did not know healthcare was "so complicated".







Because, as unfortunate as it is, Trump has more confidence, more energy, more quick on his feet.
With enough confidence in your speech and body language, some people can smoothly go over mishaps. You can pivot off when you make mistakes, you’ll sound better when you make mistakes.
The stutter doesn’t help Biden either. Mistakes go from an immediate correction, to a couple of seconds of awkwardness.
This is why Trump and Biden can have the exact same mistake, but one looks better when they do it.
In addition, Biden has always had this issue since 2020, before that too. He’s always been gaffe prone. And while you can say “it’s more expected”, it also gives more credence to the idea that this is a long standing mental issue. It’s on people’s radar and they can look for that.
That's easy: people expect Democratic candidates to be competent, and they expect Trump to be a buffoonish assclown.
Biden is held to a high standard, and Trump is held to no standard whatsoever.
I think a lot of independent voters really don’t want to vote for Trump, but the democratic establishment isn’t offering a valid option to many.  Personally, I’m voting for Kamala via Biden
Because the left isn’t a cult. The right is a cult… it’s pretty easy.
This is a piece of cake.
Because Republican fall in line and shut up given Trump's authoritarian stranglehold over the voter base and vindictiveness.  Trump is also totally unfit, but nothing we can say at this point will ever influence Republicans to change course if felony convictions, insurrection, quotes of him advocating for dictatorship and terminating the Constitution and now more substantial evidence of his deep ties to Epstein hasn't gotten through to them.
While Joe has the opposite of a personality cult, already lost 5-10% of gettable voters and we are going to end up with Trump if we don't even try to change course. Joe and his handlers covered up the reality and now he is embarrassing us in the world stage, calling Zelensky Putin. We should be better than "hurr durr, Republicans are worse!"
I'm not panicking. I'm just being realistic: Biden cannot win in his current condition. Trump's insane ramblings are baked-in: everyone already knows he's a rambling moron. That's one of the reasons his base loves him! On the other side, that's a reason that Biden in his current condition will lose support in the election.
Biden is held to a higher standard because he's a better person. Nobody holds Trump to a single standard because he's a failure of a human being who can't meet even the lowest standards.
I think John Stewart nailed it on the daily show.
It's not that people are applying double standards, it's more that we are being told by Democratic leadership that people are dumb for even thinking about questioning Joe Biden's mental fitness.
For years the right has been talking about this stuff. For years democrats constantly talk about how sharp Joe Biden is in private settings, and American liberals took their word for it. Then in the debate everybody got a reality check.
Now you have Democrats telling liberals that they are cowards, and running from the first sign of trouble, and that there's nothing really wrong, and that they should be more worried about Trump's mental fitness, and that there's really nothing to see here. Now apparently it's way too late to get another candidate, and there's nowhere near enough time left in the election despite the fact that we have four months...
It's particularly egregious on the Democrats part because instead of getting Joe Biden out there in front of people proving his mental acuity, they are basically telling everybody that they need to shut up, accept Joe Biden as the candidate, and fall in line. That's basically the entire Democratic PR campaign right now.
This is 2016 all over again. No one wanted Hillary. She was forced down our throat. They were calling her the presumptive nominee for president the day Obama took office. Now we've got a president showing very clear signs that he shouldn't be president, and you have all the liberals and Democrats telling people "tough shit, you don't want Trump to win do you?"
Because Biden is currently behind and hasn't shown he can prosecute the case against Trump. Democrats want to beat Trump





Your premise is completely wrong. You will find tons of conservatives that think liberals are bad people, especially because of social views. Liberals are evil because:
They like baby murder
They get elective abortions for fun
They are trying to turn all kids gay and trans
They want the country to be destroyed by riots
The list goes on.
On top of that I see a good deal of liberals who just believe that conservatives are too paranoid(opposing the “liberals are naive” concept) and think the worst of humanity
I’m a recovering conservative who is liberal now and one of the big reasons is that I realized how this type of thinking is deeply cynical and a total cop out.
If you don’t like how we are trying to solve the problem (most liberals don’t like the status quo either) then help us fix it. But conservatives aren’t really fixers, they just tear things down.
Examples:
Deregulation is an easy boogie man, but broadly deregulating banks, consumer protection, and environmental laws has lead to so much pain for so many people as well as strain on the economy at times (eg 2008 housing crisis)
Medicaid, social security, and health care are expensive and some people cheat (though far less than conservatives paint). Help us fix it then. But all Republican plans just gut programs and spending rather than trying to improve them.
When you trace the root of these problems 99% of the time it comes down to greed. For conservative voters they want lower taxes, societal benefits be damned. For Conservative politicians they want to protect massive donations from banks, insurance companies, big pharma; big oil, etc (which is why they love Citizens United and refuse to address campaign finance reform).
I truly don’t believe Republicans are trying to solve any of these problems in a constructive way. They just criticize every plan Democrats come up with, call us naive or bleeding hearts, bitch about taxes and government being broken, and then tear things down every chance they get.
You can understand how it can make liberals feel like conservatives aren’t exactly empathetic people who work in good faith.
For the record, I’m just focusing my response on OPs comments on intentions vs methods, which largely ignores all of the identity politics BS that is at least half or more of the problem. I think other posters have already covered those topics well.
I'll have to catch up with the neighbor that spray painted "DemonRats must die" on my driveway and get his take on what, in particular, I'm just naive about. Or maybe the person who publicly accused my wife of pedophilia in a town board meeting. They probably have an informative, and nuanced take on this.
Or maybe I'll just skip those two, because they're obviously on the fringe, right? Let's ask my neighbors who obviously didn't do the spray painting. Wait, they drove by and laughed while taking pictures of the spray paint.
Or maybe we could ask the folks who sat silently while my wife was accused of pedophilia? Cuz the only folks who stood up for her are people we personally know, and none of them were the conservatives we know. That's right, conservatives we know personally, who we have welcomed into our home and shared dinner with, sat silently while my wife was publicly accused of pedophilia.
Tell me again about this interesting point?
Really? So what’s all this about me killing babies? 
Don't forget all the grooming we do!
Or brain washing kids or being literal demons. Like I’m sure SOME conservatives feel that way but that certainly isn’t what comes across
I think they're misguided and enjoyed being blatantly lied to.
It absolutely blows my mind how well the GOP has sold tremendously huge lies:
National Healthcare is a scam
Unions are bad for workers
Having paid time off is lazy
Breaking up monopolies is bad
Corporations should pay less taxes than you do
Education is bad
Medical professionals are hacks
Climate change is fake
Elections aren't secure
The list goes on and on. It isn't that they simply disagree with the best way to go about things, they are viciously attacking them and our very institutions - and it works.
I watch nearly all my friends struggle - most are conservatives. They're never upset that there is no help for their kid with brain cancer and they're now bankrupt. They just think they should have made better choices.
They think I'm lazy because I get 21 days a year of PTO for sick or vacation. They're not angry they don't. They're angry that I'm lazy and get it.
It's absolutely maddening.
Edit:
Here's an example - the GOP response to the SOTU address: one of several blatant lies but their base will eat this up. It's so hard to counter this shear amount of misinformation when conservatives don't consume multiple sources of media.
Conservatives do not see liberals as 'good but naive'. Just look at how your lot call us groomers, people who 'hate america' and are 'destroying america'. They call us baby killers too. Conservative policy is about nothing more than 'owning the libs' anymore. Your side is banning books, cutting funding to social programs that help people, and making it harder for people to vote so you can win elections. And somehow you're shocked absolutely shocked that we think you're fascists. Conservatives want to go back to a time when women couldn't vote. It's pretty common for someone on the right to say they should repeal the 19th Amendment.
You all worship at the altar of Donald Trump. All in the name of gaining more and more power. Conservatives weren't always that way. I remember a time when they at least had some principles. But that went the way of the Dodo when Newt Gingrich came along.
With this kind of question, we always have to differentiate between normal conservatives (however that segment may have dwindled) and MAGA shitheads.
Conservatives? Sure, they can be good people with different views. That’s easy.
MAGA? I was forgiving of them in 2016, because Trump seemed like a fluke. After 8 years of that pig’s awful and anti-American behavior? Anyone who still supports him now has chosen the path of darkness. Their reasons are their own, and I’m sure they vary a lot, but they’ve made their choice.




Jon Ossoff held a Senate hearing on it, and the hearing and his later appearance on MSNBC were all over my twitter feed yesterday -- but then I guess my feed is tailored to the exact sort of people who would be all over a story like that.
I was also surprised not to see much mention of it here.
I'll wager that when/if it does become a big story, the anti-abortion crowd will just use this to further attack access to abortion pills.
The lesson they'll take isn't that abortion should be safe and legal.
I think it will be in the next few days. I saw it when it was published because Pro Publica is one of my favorite news sources and I'm already seeing the story elsewhere.
Let's be honest - if the victim was white it would make her more sympathetic because America - but she is young and conventionally attractive and her son is ridiculously adorable.
The media loves to present a both-sides perspective so they can appear to be fair and balanced. This story does not have a side that makes the Rs look not evil. Thus it gets ignored.
This sounds like an exaggeration but it’s spot-on. If a mainstream corporate news outlet like the Times gave this the coverage it deserves they’d lose their “neutral” credentials.
Now hold on, vox is probably working on something like "Republicans evil policies got an innocent person killed, here's why it's bad for Harris"
The media is in the tank for Trump - normalizing his crazy rhetoric, and driving a horserace narrative.
We have to do whatever we can to highlight these stories via word-of-mouth so that folks have an understanding of what they are signing up for if they elect Donald Trump.
Harris offers an intelligent and thoughtful presidency, one in which we won't have to wake up each morning wondering "what the fuck has he done this time?"
I don't miss those days at all.
I'll say it until I'm blue in the face: journalism's catastrophic failure to report accurate news is exactly why we are where we are today. I won't even blame Dear Leader. He wouldn't have the influence he has today if they didn't completely normalize, hell, even romanticize, his oppressive lunacy. They failed the American people, they failed their profession, they failed their own morals. The entire industry should be deeply, deeply embarrassed for their role in propagating fascism.



He’s the dem nominee. I have a handful of conservative friends who are able to recognize that trump is awful but they give the old “I’d vote for a democrat, I just can’t vote for him” and then they don’t have any reasons. The reality is that they will find a reason to hate any Dem who’s nominated.
They’ve been trained by their media to think that nothing, literally nothing, is worse than a democrat. Major talking heads on Fox News say DemonRats all the time. Literal propaganda/demonization of opponents. That’s why you’ve seen shirts that say things like “better Russian than a democrat!” at trump rallies and the like.
I run in far left circles. Frankly, I don't hate Biden. He wasn't my first choice, but like, holy shit have you seen the other guy he's fine sure.
But being in those circles I have talked to people who do, and I have talked to conservatives who do. To me, you can narrow down the hate into 3 main categories.
1+2 can at least be convinced that Biden is better than Trump when push comes to shove. And while I think it's dumb, you can almost count on them to sit out the election rather than vote because they'll both sides themself out of it.
3 is the dangerous ones, and the ones I occasionally see in this sub. They have an agenda, and they are willing to make anything up that sounds good in order to justify it. Their goal is to get YOU to not vote for Biden, and they don't care about the truth.
The propaganda has rotted their brains. In many places in this country "liberal" is used as a slur.
If you are looking for reasons based on policy or some other characteristic of Biden you are going way too deep. Any candidate that the democrats put up will instantly be just as hated by the right.
The more frustrating part is when those manufactured talking points start to leak into the rest of American discourse and liberals start conceding to nonsensical talking points to "seem more reasonable"
Yep and we know this is true because if you poll conservatives about policies they generally support Democratic policies as long as its not stated as a liberal position.
From the right, he's an effective politician who beat their star head on. No other Dem has proven to be that dangerous to them.
From the left, they hold him personally responsible for what they see as a genocide. They don't care if any other Dem would be even more accommodating to Israel; he's the one in charge, so he gets the flack
He beat Bernie. Then he beat Trump. How dare!
I was gonna say, for most people it seems like it's either that he's not Trump, or that he's not Bernie
And funny how both of their supporters said it was rigged when Biden beat them



3 1/2 months from the election the Democratic leadership is doing in public what they should have done 18 months ago in private: tell Biden he doesn't have the support. You do that and a bunch of people get to run in the primaries and you get a democratically chosen candidate. Instead the Dems are looking at the biggest clusterfuck of a convention since 1968 while the other side of the ballot is full of neo-fascists who are ready to shred the Constitution.
Yup, this whole train wreck could have been avoided with some honest reflection and tough talks way early on. Instead we’re here and trying our hardest to hand Trump the presidency.
Loyalty to a politician in a democracy is a gross concept. That is exactly how to stop being a democracy. Do what I voted for you to do or you’re fired.
Democrats can never distinguish between loyalty and blind loyalty. There is tremendous power in teamwork that the Republicans harness which is why they are so effective. Why couldn't Democratic leadership have made this decision behind closed doors without publicly flogging Biden?
It’s unfortunate because policy wise he’s been a great president. However will that be enough to get re-elected? I’m not sure. Americans aren’t hungry for policy, they are hungry for strong leadership. Your progressive policies and legislative victories mean nothing to the American people when you can’t advertise them to the people. Biden’s presidency policy wise has been an A grade. His presidency in terms of projecting the type of leadership Americans want and actually getting the message out about his policies has been an F. Sure, it’s been a breath of fresh air to not hear from the president every day and to be able to just live our lives a bit more, but Americans want an inspiring leader and good policy, and having a president who fits both of those shouldn’t be too much to ask for
When will y'all let up and face reality
Why is loyality even a factor? Trump needs to lose. That's the #1 goal here. If you want to criticize those who want Biden to drop out because you think his replacement is gonna do worse and that everyone who wants Biden to step back is making a mistake, that's a position worthy of discussion.
But "It's not loyal" isn't a valid point.



Pro tip: expecting to be "a fan" of people vying for elected offices is a recipe for disaster.
I don't have to like the person to think they're going to do or are doing a good job. And Biden is, mostly.
Absolutely. Ideas over people. That’s a big part of what makes us liberal and anti-authoritarian. Contrast to the GOP who literally doesn’t have a policy platform when Trump is running.
I wish more people could make this separation. I mean, yeah, I didn’t “like” Hillary either, but thinking a racist game show host would do better was and is fucking asinine.
That’s a fair point and a good way to look at things in general
Yes I like Joe Biden.
I like him as a person (based on what I know of him). I like him as a politician. I like him as a President.
He's a good man. He loves his family. He loves his country. He's overcome personal tragedy and physical struggles. He was (until Republicans lost their minds) considered one of the most widely liked and respected members of Congress.
He spent 8 years playing second to a man who was much younger than him and who had significantly less experience than he did - and it did it with humor, grace, dignity, and a true friendship/partner attitude.
He has been the most LGBTQ+ positive POTUS ever. He has supported and fought for women's rights. He has pushed through an incredible amount of legislation in the face of a completely irrationally intransigent Republican Congress.
Would I like for him to be able to retire and enjoy the rest of his life and be celebrated for the good, kind man he is? 100%. Would I like to see a younger POTUS? 100% as well. But I believe he sees that he has an obligation to the country and to his family to "see through" this particular phase in history and I respect him for that.
So yes, I very much like Joe Biden.
(And yet, I do not worship him. I disagree with him on several things - maybe even many things. I do not fly "Biden" flags on my vehicles or my house. I don't wear tshirts with his face all over them. I do have a single, small Biden/Harris bumper sticker on my car and I'll likely put a campaign sign in my yard sometime later this summer. I like him. I'll vote for him. I don't worship him.)
Also regarding both his vice presidency and his support of LGBTQ+ rights, let's not forget that while he was the veep he "committed a blunder" that forced President Obama's hand regarding the DADT policy in the military, a "gaffe" many of us at the time thought was not a gaffe at all but a prescient political move that was all the more prescient because he had the "gaffe" reputation that he could hide behind (if people accused him of undermining the Presidency) for the sake of plausible deniability.
Can I add that he is a practicing catholic who has had to overcome the teaching of his own religion to become a supporter of both women’s rights and LQBTQ rights. I am an atheist but I respect people who have the kind of faith that worships their god and not their religion.
I do.
Do I think he’s been far enough on issues I care about? No.
Do I think he could do some things better? Sure.
Is he older than I prefer? Yep.
But he’s a great leader nonetheless. Much, much better than his predecessor, night and day.
He has:
Successfully navigated a complicated situation in both Ukraine and Israel. Has it been perfect? No. But also……has one American troop been sent to a new war these past 4 years? Nope. We’ve kept Russia at bay without sending a single troop into battle. I commend him for that.
Successfully ended the COVID pandemic and got us back to normal after the disaster that was Donald trump. I give trump credit for one thing - the vaccine. Operation warp speed was a success, but Jesus the man couldn’t even take credit for it because he attacked vaccines when it seemed like his base was going to go against them. If he had just pushed a little bit and said the vaccine was safe and effective from jump most of his base would have gotten 2 or 3 shots.
Biden passed and shepherded critical legislation with a threadbare majority in the house and senate. A small list:
Inflation reduction act - single biggest investment in climate change and medicine this century
Infrastructure- biggest investment in infrastructure in my lifetime.
Respect for marriage act - first ever federal law recognizing gay marriage and abolishing DOMA.
ChIPS act
Averted several shutdowns.
One of the single biggest accomplishments I love Biden for is the student loan repayment overhaul. Not only is there a SAVE plan which has cut must people’s payments by more than half, making them finally affordable, but he also streamlined and fixed the PSLF system and has forgiven loans for those who qualified and should have had forgiven years ago. He has also held MOHELA accountable by fining them thousands when they failed to notify people of their payments after the pause.
He has surrounded himself with competent, qualified people to run the agencies. He has appointed the first ever black female Supreme Court justice. He is carefully navigating the needle on issues.
He also has successfully navigated the economy. My every metric the economy is booming. Inflation was a global problem but Americas inflation rate ranked lower than other industrialized countries. Biden has tried to carefully not tank the economy and it’s working. He’s brought manufacturing jobs back. He was on the picket line. He navigated the rail strike to not only avoid killing the economy but also got the rail workers the sick days they deserved and wanted along with their pay raises.
He’s trying to help the home crisis. He’s trying to do what he can on the border.
Overall he’s a competent leader who knows how to delegate and listen to advice and make decisions carefully based on what he thinks is best, and isn’t concerned about his own ego.
And finally, the man seems to actually be a decent damn human being. He had a daughter and a wife die in a car accident. His son died of brain cancer. His other son was a drug addict, who he helped navigate through that time of his life and loved him in spite of it. He has been married to his new wife, who he hasn’t cheated on (to our knowledge) and loves and respects her. He seems to actually govern with people in mind because he’s been there. He’s had those experiences.
I think he deserves a second term.
Just a funny bit of trivia: Jill Biden has said that when he was VP they had an agreement that they would conduct any fights or "disagreements" via text because they didn't want to air their dirty laundry in front of the SS or other staff. She says that she texts A LOT faster than Joe, so she almost always won. ;)



He wrote in his book that he was convinced he was gay for a period of time.
Yup, and his grandma told him she didn't think he was gay but she'd still love him regardless
Wow. Okay. Thanks.
I believe vance is a self hating gay man.
It's not worth spending time thinking about this.
Also, couches don't have gender.
According to his trans former friend from Yale, he spent a period in college thinking he was gay. Whether that means he ever hooked up with dudes, o nly he amd his former partners know. But he does 100% read as the kind of person who never got laid in college.
It's spelled "duvet."
On this note, Ted Cruz has always given me closeted gay vibes. Like "I'm so gay I loathe myself so I need to create a world where it's difficult for anyone, including me, to ever come out of the closet" vibes.
I am wildly uncomfortable answering that question.




Yes.
Yesterday’s events don’t change that.
You can be against violence on Trump and against Trump.
Yes, I do agree with him.
And no, that doesn't justify violence against Trump.
Yes. 100%. Even before you consider all the other stuff, not going along with the peaceful and uncontested transfer of power is remarkably harmful. Also casting doubt on article 5 of NATO is pretty harmful to our security.
None of that justifies an assassination attempt, though. Everything is nuanced and exists on a spectrum. Trump can simultaneously be bad and not deserve to be murdered.
Threat to humanity. 
Don’t support the assassination.
Trump is a threat. But a threat that can be handled with ballots.
Yes but I do not believe it warrants an assassination attempt (and afaik they may yet be unrelated things). Trump wouldn't be a threat at all if he didn't have supporters in our country and enablers in his party.
Yes, of course he is. Doesn’t mean he should be shot or otherwise harmed physically.
Keep him out of office, prosecute him for crimes, if found guilty, give him the appropriate consequences.
Absolutely. He demonstrated that during his term as president. This isn't just some hypothetical scenario. Trump has shown who he is as a leader already.
Yes



That's why the $25k is only part of the larger proposal, which also addresses housing supply: https://www.cnn.com/2024/08/15/politics/kamala-harris-plan-housing-costs/index.html
It's much easier to get mad at a single piece of a proposal than going out and learning about the entire thing before forming an opinion
I think it’s important to call out that the same policy proposal includes funding and tax incentives to build more housing units, particularly starter homes, which is desperately needed. It also claws back at tax benefits for real estate investors that are buying up homes. Desperately needed policy.
The $25k sounds like the least useful of these but we don’t know the exact eligibility requirements yet/how much funding specifically will be available for this. I can see the logic that the $25k will help these buyers be more competitive in the marketplace vs real estate investors but ofc this seems like it would drive up demand/cost a little bit, not by “25k instantly” like some of the right wingers already commenting on the askaliberal subreddit are claiming ofc..
You should check the proposal before you post. It's addressed very well actually
Doesn't matter too much. Probably helps some, but the real benefit is that she's also proposing incentives to build millions of new homes
Me personally, and many friends in my age group didn't buy a home because of the necessary down-payment. The down payment is such a huge hurdle towards buying a home. If the owners can afford the monthly payments, then financial access to help kickstart home ownership sounds great.
I'm not sure if this concept or policy is thought through. I don't necessarily think that home values will change because of this. I do think more people will become first time home owners. The other commenters are bringing up valid points though. This whole concept needs to be thought out more and concretely laid out.
I’m not as apocalyptic as some of the other commenters are about price increases either, but I agree with them that this band aid solution doesn’t address the root cause of the problem.
This policy proposal isn’t all that different from a government insured FHA loan. And, since it doesn’t apply to investment buyers, second home buyers, or vacation home buyers, it doesn’t automatically add $25,000 to the price of every house.
Still, the devil is in the details.
I got a FHA loan which didn't require 20% I used 3.5%. The issue with this is you have to pay PMI which tacks on an additional 100-200 a month the advantage though is with FHA you get the same interest rate if you did have 20% down. So it ends up being a decent deal.
Once your equity gets to be 20% you can refinance and get your mortgage payment down significantly. Really with the housing market the hardest thing is getting into it. Once you have a house and the longer you pay on the mortgage and build equity the more affordable it gets.
The issue is right now specifically with interest rates rates being high AND homes being expensive getting into the housing market is insurmountable. A 25k first time buyers credit could be helpful, but it still isn't making this market affordable in most places. The US also needs to build more housing. This proposal also addresses that to some degree. Anything helps.
I mean if we singled this out as if it was the entirety of her plan, I’d agree it could cause some problems too. But it’s not, they’ve also talked about plans to build new housing and taking measures to limit corporations and investors from buying up inventory. Adding new supply while helping first time buyers overcome one of their biggest hurdles to entering the market seems like a reasonable way to help people.
Maryland had a program where first time buyers could get $25K essentially as an interest free loan, and then a conventional 30 year loan for the rest of the value. You just had to pay the $25K back when you sold. Prices didn’t jump up, it just helped people moving to Maryland or buying their first homes. It unfortunately ran out a couple of months before I closed on my first apartment, otherwise it would’ve been really nice. I probably would’ve been locked out of buying if I didn’t have some family support to help me cover the down payment after that program expired. They’ve said down payment assistance, so I’m picturing something more nuanced like that as opposed to just giving you $25K.
The down payment is a big hurdle for a lot of people, so I think this opens doors for them. And since it’s just first time buyers and is being paired with other plans to help on the supply side, I think the concerns of housing prices shooting up are unfounded. I could see some bump if this starts before we really start adding supply, but definitely not just “oh no, suddenly all homes are $25K more expensive because some subset of buyers gets that amount with strings attached.” That seems silly to me.
