PSA for those visiting the sub for the first time: Don't break reddit's TOS.
Don’t forget burning down Planned Parenthood clinics and shooting up gay nightclubs.
Don't forget how they laughed and cheered when Biden's campaign bus almost got ran off the freeway in Texas back in 2020. How many people could've died had the bus rolled over?
This is the culmination of 9 plus years of Trump rhetoric. It started with them assaulting protestors at campaign rallies in 2016, then January 6th...now this. Like Harkonnen told Leto in Dune when he's sitting in the chair naked and paralyzed: "what do you think happens next?"
Don't fall for okie doke amnesia. It's THEM that is the problem. Vote them out, or you'll be sorry....
It's the culmination of 30+ years of demonizing 'liberals' as the enemy; not just political opponents, enemies. Trump is just the tip of the spear.
Especially when the shooter was one of their own. Total cognitive dissonance with a dollop of narcissism.
There's zero chance that this is going to make anyone change their mind about who we are talking about here. For one thing, Trump is absolutely fine and likely less than 24 hours away from saying something crazy that will immediately remind everyone what a narcissistic turdbucket he is.
Genuinely don't think this is going to make anybody forget anything. There might be a day or two where the more moderate voters believe they might be swayed towards voting for Orange van Gogh but there's months before they actually vote and plenty of time to remind them who he really is.
Two weeks and any advantage this might have gained him will be gone and the shooting forgotten about as quickly as the GOP forget every school kid that gets shot on a weekly basis in America.
Speaker Johnson says the rhetoric needs turned down. People need to be pressing  him daily on precisely what rhetoric is coming from the left's officials?? They can only point to random Twitter posts by nobodies, yet on the right it's literally their congress members, governors, state officials, administrations, and their defacto leaders like Trump
Remember when Sarah Palin used gun target imagery on one of her political graphics.
Remember when Trump talked about what the “second amendment people” could do about Hillary Clinton.
Don’t be gaslit America
The shooter was a registered Republican once again proving the right is the violent side
He was also wearing the merch from a right-wing pro-gun youtube channel.



And will be way smarter then, than Trump is today.
That piglet he's holding in that one picture? Also smarter than Trump is today.
Damn, he’s so old. Imagine having an old-as-shit candidate. Could! Not! Be! Me!
Walz is only a year older than Harris too. Blew my mind when I found that out
Actually its only like a 6 month difference. Harris just hasnt had her birthday yet this year
And the GOP will wheel out Trump for their candidate each election cycle too
I want him to keep his death grip on the GOP until the day he dies.
It’s exactly what those bastard deserve.
Tim Walz is younger than Brad Pitt



The media is now in the business of selling you outrage. News are optional. Kamala represents a time when politics was not in your head 24/7. That’s bad for business. No one tunes in for boring politics AKA governing properly. Trump is 24/7 lowlight reel and keeps people hooked 24/7. That’s good for business. 
Maybe outrage mongers should get a life and go into another business..! Even outrage will get old, that's why we're gagging for "boring" competent nerdy politics in our lives once again. I can almost picture it, the life of ordinary pacing, focused on the stuff of substance no matter how picayune. Like we all came out of a coma, or a psychosis, and are remembering what our eyes and hands are for. For the first time in years, decades maybe, I feel like maybe we don't have to take this - nothing short of - mass psychological abuse. Like maybe there are solutions after all, and like maybe there could be penalties for abusing and destabilizing entire societies for profit.
Yep. Double standard because she's a Democrat. Because she's not Trump.
And don't think for a second that it's also not a double standard because she's a woman!
Vote Harris/Walz! Vote Blue! Time to make a woman the most powerful person in the world!
"Boys will be boys!"
I said this before the word became popular...
It could get worse than trump some day. Maybe.
But it will never be weirder than trump. Ever. I say this with perfect confidence. No one will ever be weirder than trump.
I fully expect MAGA to eventually produce someone more evil and more dangerous than trump. But unless they pick a person with purple skin, eleven eyes and bat wings I don’t think they could find someone more weird than trump.
truly I cannot wrap my head around this behavior. It’s weird. So I guess on brand for current gop. I mean what do Melania and Baron think of this behavior? It’s just so odd. I may be wrong on this, but he took Loomer to the 9/11 ceremony instead of his wife? Also loomer is a 9/11 denier? Like make it make sense. I really hope Kamala wins because I can’t take this absurdity anymore.
You remember the 30 some felony convictions Trump has, right? That’s all related to having an affair with a porn star while Melania was home with new born baby Barron. And he also paid to suppress another story about a different affair from the same year. And before Melania, he was very public with his mistress while married to Ivana.
I don’t think Melania really cares other than it being so public, but I would guess their prenup includes a bonus payment for her every time Trump finds some other woman willing to play with his mushroom a while.
There is a simple explanation for the media bias against Democrats. Many, if not most Democratic national politicians have stated that they intend to raise taxes on the wealthy. Republican politicians universally promote tax cuts for their patrons, the wealthy. For the wealthy it is an easy choice.
The wealthy own or control virtually all corporate media. They outright own the entire right wing propaganda machine and dominate "mainstream media" via stockholder pressure and/or advertising blackmail. Accordingly, virtually all news reports reflect the wishes of the wealthy which is to make Dems look bad and to polish GOP crap.
I think the wealthy despise Trump at least as much as we do but because he represents tax breaks for them and the chaos that surrounds him advances the nation towards their ultimate goal of a plutocracy where the wealthy will not have to pay taxes, they will be able to pass their fortunes intact through the generations and it will be illegal for the treasury to give money to anyone who is not wealthy.



Complaining about Mark Hamill expressing his beliefs, but okay with Dana White, Hulk Hogan, Elon Musk, to name a few celebrities, vocally supporting Trump on large platforms in front of millions.
Hulk Hogan has even gone so far as to attack Kamala over her race while campaigning for Trump.
And not to mention Dana White allowing UFC live to turn into a political rally for Trump, even allowing fighters with a mic to openly support Trump and telling fans to keep their state red and conservative, while taunting the other side. Yet, same people okay with this are telling Hamill and Taylor Swift “Don’t you dare get political - stay in your lane and leave politics out”. Double standards.
That doesn't surprise me. He's a fucking racist.
The force is strong in this one.
He saved his father from the dark side. Now it’s our job to save ours.
That said, it’s time for my weekly “I love you dad, I hope you read this” text.
Pretty cool when your childhood hero is also your adult hero years later.
Stephen King rocking it for me as well
Legend.
This is what he was put here for.
100%... national treasure.
Patriotic American Treasure and Jedi Grand Master, Mark Hamill.



Samwise the Brave!
"There's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for!"
What a fucking party! This is the funnest roll call ever.
I don't know if it was audible on tv, but I started a chant of "Rudy" as soon as he showed up! (Other people probably had the same idea but I'll take credit!)
This is our time. OUR time!
That’s all over the second we ride up Troy’s bucket
Maybe he can help throw trump’s ring of power into mt doom.
"Cast JD Vance into the fire!!!"
“It's like the great stories, Mr. Frodo, the ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were, and sometimes you didn't want to know the end because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad has happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing this shadow, even darkness must pass. A new day will come, and when the sun shines, it'll shine out the clearer. I know now folks in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going because they were holding on to something. That there's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo, and it's worth fighting for.”



There were comments on Reddit that morning asking “why isn’t Kamala at Arlington”, before the news about this broke. Clearly prepping for the story to be about her missing a ceremony.
Just shows how many astroturfers are here
Tons of posts were also saying "Trump honoring fallen soldiers while Biden is on vacation" immediately after the photos were released.
In a sane world things would’ve ended with that stupid ass golden escalator
Mimicking a disabled reporter should’ve been enough.
Because they think Labor Day is an Armed Service related holiday.
On Memorial Day this year, DJT was referring to the Biden as “human scum” playing keyboard warrior on Truth Social (no words of thanks or gratitude for the fallen) while Our President bestowed the traditional wreath at ANC. (Harris was there also).
Breaking News: Convicted Felon breaks MORE LAWS, then complains about the crime rate. How ironic.
it’s illegal to politicize the military and for good reasons too. The military defends our country which was built on democracy, not to defend political ideologies
A: this is not a sane political paradigm any longer. B: why is MSNBC giving this traitorous bastard air time? C: why is he still allowed to walk around free and D: where is the full frontal warp 10 pushback?
Ok I knew they were doing something fuckin stupid but I didn't know it was THAT fuckin stupid



I hope she’s learned from Biden and Hillary. You can’t beat Trump in a debate by being fact check lawyer person. You need to call him out an make him look stupid, weird and dishonest
That is exactly how her personality is. I’m excited
I've never seen her debate. Please don't shit the bed!
I hope she knocks it out of the park.
What's the over/under that he chickens out?
This will be interesting, I look forward to the contrast between a younger trained prosecutor and an old convicted felon.
You want interesting? Head on over to the conservative subs and see what they’re saying about it. Consensus seems to be that if Donald can stick to the issues, he’ll mop the floor with her. I have no idea what his appeal is
A former prosecutor debating a scared little man who has to win an election to stay out of prison.
Kamala seems too prepared for this debate. I anticipate it will be a fact checking clinic. The thing about all of conservative campaign attacks is they apply just as much to them if not more…
Fact-checking can be hard to execute against Trump’s firehood of falsehood. I think it’ll be more important that she concisely, effectively dismisses whatever he says and flips it back around on him.
I’m sure she’ll prepare properly.



I hope she makes him Secretary of State when she wins
I’m sure he will have a home in the Harris administration. I think he, more than Newsom, is ‘next.’
The Biden-Harris administration has been shockingly competent. Surprising to the upside over and over again. I had my doubts until they passed the Inflation Reduction Act. The CHIPS act, the Infrastructure bill, and so much more. This administration has outmaneuvered the Republicans over and over again. We need to get the John R. Lewis voting rights act passed under the Harris-Walz administration!
It shouldn't be shocking, biden has been doing this for a long time
Pete Buttigieg is the best and brightest among us.
I would not want to engage in a debate or argument with him. Would vote for him all day long for just about any critical role.
He needs to be President one day
I can't wait to vote for Pete in an election. I'll hang on like Jimmy Carter if I have to!
https://x.com/jamieson/status/1842256002239840629



My mom who hasn't voted since bill Clinton is going to go vote with my wife and I to vote for Kamala. She said she's sick of hearing about trump.
Way to go, mom. 💙
My 74 year old father has never voted. I told him “I don’t care if you never vote again, but you have to for this”. I’m proud to say that he is now registered and ready to vote in November. I even got my husband to register to vote for the first time.
That’s really awesome. Well done! It is actions like this that will truly shape the election in November.
I wish we could compile all of these stories into one document. Because I would love to see that list keep growing.
My MIL who is a life long repub changed her registration status to independent and is voting Kamala this year. Best part is, that's a 2 vote swing from 2016/2020 in NC.
I'm sitting in California crying because I haven't been this hopeful about our country inn 16 years. it's literally insane what's happened in basically 2 months.
I suspect there are a lot of these. The trick will be getting g them to vote Blue down the rest of the ballot.
The media has a coupla go-to STFU buttons for Democrats, and the left in general. One of them is 'now is not the time to politicize the issue' which, of course, is entirely absent here, because it was Right-on-Right violence... So it's perfectly acceptable to politicize it .
So now the magic STFU button is, "Hey! whoa! everybody tone it down' so they don't have to point out who's been doing 95 percent of the rhetoric and 99.999 percent of actual violence.
Their next favorite check-a-box option is “society let the shooter down.”
Every year now like Christmas
Some boy gets the milk-fed suburban blues
Reaches for the available arsenal
And saunters off to make the news.
If the guy had shot at literally anyone else they would have had him as a speaker at the RNC
Do you think if it had been Biden that was shot, we’d be hearing Republicans saying that the ugliness needs to stop? I really doubt it. MAGA would be dancing in the streets calling for more blood…..
I got told yesterday not to make the shooting political. Uh..what? It was 100% political, and it wasn't me that made it so. People make my head hurt.
White boys you need to fucking chill.
Edit: I’m a white boy so I’m allowed to say this.
Gun was registered to his father that’s how they identified him
Violence comes for the politician promoting violence, crazy how that works.
And he was a registered Republican, yet everyone is blaming this on the Democrats. No, we don't want violence. We want the people who were at that rally to evolve and to grow.



How dumb can you get with this. This is some flat-earth shit from these people
They're projecting. They pay people to sit in the stands behind him. They confine cameras to a fixed spot on the stage so they never pan around to show how small his crowd sizes actually are, so they are the ones faking crowd sizes for the cameras. He is the one on video shown to be waving at absolutely nobody but giving the impression he was waving to a crowd.
His projection and lies will only get worse as his crowds dwindle down the next couple of months.
The crowd numbers are REALLY getting under his skin.
Good. Your time is up you weird old felon.
Literally just had an argument with a friend about this who posted the picture. Like, do you think the live videos of the rallies are fake? Do you think the thousands on social media praising her and the millions in donations are fake?
Let’s get real, they’re just mad that they’re losing. Good riddance.
GOP leadership, it is time to take the keys away from your weird old racist grandpa.
what the hell.. this is the guys half of this country wants?
No, not half of the people, about 30% of VOTERS will vote for him, most do NOT want this corrupt asshole
"She was turned in"
Umm, like wtf Donald. Stay home and take your medicine.
I'm always amazed at how much his small crowd sizes irritate him.



When someone is telling you who they are, believe them.
Especially when they do so repeatedly. This is far from a fluke.
“When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.” - Maya Angelou
Jesus… look down below and off to the right side.
Order “the kids guide to President Trump” gift bundle from Mike Huckabee for “FREE”!
These fuckers are enemies of the country.
The content of the book looks terrifying. And also, it is a subscription renewal where the first is free and they charge you $14.94 every month following for the next book.
Exhibit # 10,395,232 of why Trump is the most unfit person to be President, in history.
And just fucking watch this election be closer than hair to a frog's ass, despite it all.
He basically represents the end of the USA.
If Trump wins, he’ll claim a mandate for authoritarian rule, arguing it’s what the people want. He’ll say the democracy itself chose dictatorship. It makes me wonder if the election is rigged in some way. Saying something this bold would be too risky otherwise, unless he knew the outcome. He’s laying the groundwork to argue that everyone knew his intentions and voted for him anyway.



The "BaRrOn Is OfF LiMiTs" crowd sure has changed their tune.
MAGA is so confused by a child loving their parent…. Talk about weird for the party that claims to be “pro family” 😂
Can anyone imagine one of the Trump kids crying in pride over Don? Nope 🤦🏽‍♂️
At one point, GOP mocked Andy Beshear for loving his father which they believe it's childish or something.
I wasn’t aware of Gus’ conditions but when I saw this last night I instantly teared up just seeing his reaction. These people have no souls and have no clue how to act like humans. Not just weird, but shameful.
Hey Ann! Fuck off!
I was like "Oh. Ann Coulter. Of course she'd say that." Imagine being known for being that nasty and miserable to the point where it's expected.
It's just completely alien to her experience of life. No one in her entire life has been so proud of her they've been reduced to tears.
I knew someone would do that. There is a special place in Hell for people like that, including Trump.
As a former Republican, THIS is just one example of why I’m never going back. Being a republican these days is an excuse to be cruel and mean. It’s not about letting your better angels shine through. This is not conservative, this is not American, this is not Christian. It’s just plain evil.
Here is some reading for your dad:
Economists Say Inflation Would Be Worse Under Trump Than Biden.
A second Trump term could actually make inflation worse.
Trump would make America’s inflation crisis worse, 16 Nobel economists warn.
Tell him to enjoy the 10% increase on all imported goods that Trump wants to implement. Because it’s gonna be us who pays for his tariffs.
Trump, In his rally explained how tariffs were on the exporters and that made me so upset. Basically saying that consumers wouldn’t be affected by tariffs because some how China would pay for it. I can’t tell if he’s that dumb or that manipulating.
Trump is the one that caused inflation by more than quadrupling the M1 Money supply (money printing) from $4T to $18 trillion between Jan 2020 and Jan 2021. https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/M1SL Money supply grew by $14 Trillion dollars in his Final Year of Presidency.
It takes time for increases in prices to propagate throughout the economy due to sticky prices/sticky wages (in the short term, printing money creates prosperity because prices and wages remain unchanged, but in the long term, prices and wages increase to reflect the money supply increase resulting in inflation). This is why inflation happened under Biden's watch and why we had to increase interest rates to clean up Donald Trump's printing money mess.
Sticky Prices/ Sticky wages: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nominal_rigidity
The stock market was crashing during Covid so the Fed printed Trillions of dollars to buy stocks and bonds on their balance sheet to save it from complete collapse; the first time such a financial maneuver with newly printed money was done. That money went straight to the stock market, not distributed through stimulus checks to everyday Americans.
Democrats inherited a collapsed economy and a decimated global supply chain. There was a global pandemic that required a bipartisan effort - started by Trump - to pump in billions of dollars in stimulus. This saved many Americans from falling through the cracks in the short term but led to an increase in prices in the long term.
JFC, voters really do have the memories of goldfish.
How many people even know what they’re voting on and instead just listen to what they’re told?
That’s probably the bigger issue
If inflation is still so bad, your dad should be able to explain why Biden’s policies have led to Jerome Powell saying yesterday that the time has come for rate cuts.
Dad thinks inflation isn't gone until prices return to 2019 levels. Dad thinks Trump has a time machine.
Revisit the conversation with your father in a couple of weeks after the Fed lowers interest rates.
And start casually peppering the line, "Trump tax" when talking about the cost of consumer goods and how godawful his tariff plan will be.
If you have already pointed out that the whole world had economic problems that included higher inflation as the result of the pandemic. And that Biden has managed to get it under control faster than the other developed countries, and that the US economy is doing better than everybody else.
Unless he's indicated he's willing to see proof of that, you've already done all you can do.



August 60th? Dark day to tweet this
A dark day indeed.
Lousy Smarch weather.
I know this is parody -- but upvoting because this is really a line he should use, especially at the debate.
Preferably with "hanged", though.
It says parody by rub on it. You know they’ll think this is real tho.
@Tim_Balz gives it away
It's from August 60th, obviously.
And it doesn't say parody in the bottom right corner at all.
A bit of media literacy would help some people.



Let's win this! 💙🇺🇸💙🇺🇸💙🇺🇸💙🇺🇸💙
This is a very good sign! I think we will! 🇺🇸 🔥
I honestly hope she wins by a landslide….otherwise it’s gonna be bad if she barely squeaks by.
Oh please let this be a good sign.
I’ve never voted before. I’m voting this time. I know I’m not the only one.
It’s getting ahead of ourselves to assume these are Kamala votes. It is fair to be optimistic though…high turnout elections almost always favor Democrats. Let’s get her over the finish line!
This election is all about turnout, and these numbers are suggesting massive turnout. Unlikely voters, especially young voters, minorities and women, all vote heavily Democratic, so if those voters are turning out in large numbers-- and these numbers suggest they are, than it should be a very big blue win.
Wow, day after the holiday in both 2020 and 2024...this is a GREAT sign...the more people who vote, the more Democracy wins. That is great news for team Blue.
come on GA you came through for us in 2020 now just one more time.
Remember when he took a sharpie to a map of the path of a hurricane to prove he was right? What a twat.
That might have been my favorite moment of the Trump administration. So petty, so obvious, so revealing.
Of all the examples they could have used of trump being a fucking moron they picked the lamest ones.
My mom often had to cycle through all the names of her kids before landing on the right one sometimes and that was when she was in her 30s. Everyone does this all the time but nobody ever notices because it’s so common and everyone knows what the person doing it meant 
His voters don’t care and are not concerned about details. Democrats have higher expectations. It’s seems an issue for the delegates and elected officials but not for the base. It’s not enough to say we need a new nominee, who do you propose to replace Biden? The only logical choice is Harris but I don’t think independents will vote for her in the numbers we need.
If Biden wins this fall and dies a day later Harris becomes president. I’m voting for his policies! If we can all unite with him then his policies will live on thru Harris and his administration.
And Biden immediately corrected himself, provided a reason for his gaffe, and moved on with his life. I suggest we all do the same.
And how many times has Trump been confused that Biden is the current president, not Obama?
Or when Trump couldn’t recognize Rudy Giuliani when he was sitting directly across the table from him.
Except every time Biden screws up everyone latches on to it like crazy and when Trump does no one seems to care. Crazy double standard we have today.



He started out nervous and ended extremely well. He was the adult dad in the room trying to get America to see the appeal of Harris as president.
As someone who started watching the debate 45 minutes in, I thought Walz crushed it.
Opening the internet damped my mood a bit, but even if I missed the rocky start, I saw the best part…Vance couldn’t say if Trump lost the election. He may have been able to slime his way through every other extremist position, but hopefully his non-answer sticks with people.
Everyone needs to vote like Walz lost the debate and Harris lost the debate.
It doesn’t matter who communicates well. It matters who wants to destroy your ability to vote.
Ppl are saying he should’ve been more aggressive in calling out Vance’s misrepresentations, but I think Axelrod had a good take that he ran the risk of upending his own persona similar to Tim Kaine going that route. Ppl saw him for who he really is, if the goal was to not lose any ground tonight he did just fine
No, that's what Vance wanted. Vance loves to be the gotcha guy and to really attack his opppnent. Walz gave him zero opportunity to do so. He kindly man offering to meet his opponent part way for the good of the country absolutely disarmed Vance. He couldn't attack without looking like an ass. 
Walz won when JD couldn’t answer his question about who won the 2020 election. Game over.
Lawrence O’Donnell said “Vance is the first person running for office who doesn’t know who won the last presidential election”.
Shaky start, but he finished relatively strong. I think he could have attacked more, perhaps too much Midwest nice? I did like the fact Walz brought up Trump killed the bipartisan immigration bill which is something I feel the Harris campaign should highlight more.
Harris talks about the immigration bill all the time. It’s her answer every time she’s asked about immigration.



"Why didn't he do it when he was president?" Should be the biggest talking point of this election.
The border, economy, tax breaks for middle/lower class, literally everything he's promising now could have been done during his term. His only accomplishment was tax breaks for the wealthy.
They love to call the Democrats the Elites, but it's the very wealthy, heavily Republican-supporting wealthy who are the Elites.
Completely agree. His supporters love to pretend that he got so much done for the American people when he was in the office, but the reality is he’s done absolute Jack shit unless you were a multi millionaire/billionaire. Saying he would build the wall, and only a small number of miles of wall got built while he was in office,and most of it was done in typical shitty construction, just like everything else he’s ever touched in his career.
edited typos
This is the way!
He ranted about it on TruthSocial. And did not even mention any sign of empathy towards the ones released.
Trump is so unhinged.
Narcissists are incapable of empathy
I truly hope Biden leans into this IDGAF mentality and mops the floor with Republicans before leaving office.
The honest smirk on his face right after he said it, then he gave a thumbs up to the press before walking off. I’m glad to see him back on his game - for his own health I think dropping out was the right decision and I really hope he can lean in to his lame duck months and get more shit like this done.
Going to miss you, Bidey



She's totally trolling the GOP now. LOVE IT!!
She not only can’t be bullied, she stands up to bullies and throws it directly back in their face.
It's literally breathing life back into my very soul.
Well played Madam Vice President, Well played 👍
I was like “TAN SUIT”
Slay
Thanks Obama
https://imgur.com/gallery/good-old-days-rg3R5OZ#/t/tan_suit
I really liked this. Instead of awaiting a coronation at the end, she breaks the tradition by just being with everyone right away. Loved the surprise on Doug's face!
I’ve been watching live and it’s the first thing I noticed! Absolutely boss move. She’s wonderful and just what we democrats need. I don’t know about you but when Biden won in 2020 I celebrated but couldn’t quite celebrate because the threat was looming then Jan 6th happened and I was just … enraged. Now lol in 2024 Harris walks out in a Tan Power suit on the first day of our celebratory DNC week…. I love her!😍



And round 2 on the way. Republicans have ceased being of any use at all
Translation, "If we approve the funds, then we can't blame you for not having them available when the next disaster hits"
GOP playbook. Sabotage recovery then blame the Dems. It’s evil. Same thing they did with border solutions. I can’t figure out how their supporters haven’t caught on.
Any use to the US population, very useful idiot for other countries though.
Republicans are the dumbest assholes alive, because the GOP will blame this on Biden and republican voters will believe it.
They already are. It’s insane how dumb they are. My own brother is spreading that nonsense too and I had to just make it to where his posts don’t show up. None of them understand how the government works and it would take 10-15 mins to go online and figure out the basics. But, it doesnt fit their narrative so why bother. Everything is and will always be Bidens fault.
Sociopathic Republican scum playing games again.



Homies just traveling to the places with the smallest POC populations that also happen to have the most McDonalds locations
Is there anywhere on the planet that doesn't have McDonalds locations?
trump is just betting on his cronies stealing the election in various districts. that’s all gop has left - pure stealing and threatening with civil war. they gave up on politics for the people long ago.
on that note. what federal measures does biden have in case there actual are attempts to interfere with election on a state or local level ?
Notably, Harris will be campaigning with her new VP pick.
Trump would prefer to stay away from his.
🤣
the critical state of montana...
It’s probably the safest state out there in his column. But he really needs to go to his safe space now.
I was on the fence with the Biden/Harris switch but the one thing I knew for sure is if Harris got the nomination, she would be ready, willing and able to campaign 24/7 for 3 months straight. Way to go Mamala, thanks for not letting me down!
Leave the old guy alone, he needs his naps.
Seriously did we just fucking UNO reverse this election and now THEY are the ones with the old crazy dude? Wild!



I live in small town Ohio. Since Trump ran the first time, my area has been covered in signs, flags, bumper stickers. Whole long fence line and barns covered in this shit. Since the debate I've been watching little Harris signs pop up everywhere. We aren't as loud, none of us plaster her face on our barn but I started counting on my drives. For every one big Trump display, I see five little yard signs. It's balm to my soul.
Reading this is a balm to mine. Please let this nightmare end.
Absolutely effing fantastic! Thanks for sharing this 😁
🇺🇸💙💪🌊
Voting for Harris doesn't mean you're not Republican, it means you're a patriot.
Exactly! Someone like Cheney endorsing Harris doesn't make Cheney a Democrat. It just highlights that the guy still has some sense of morality.
My friend in Ohio, who has never voted (said that both sides are worse), registered to vote and will vote for Harris.
It's a coin flip with republicans these days whether you're going to get one who thinks "this is fine" and a sane one who recognizes a "wtf are we doing" situation. Well, a coin implies 50/50 but you know what I mean.
My neighborhood was a mix of Trump and Biden signs in 2020, leaning Trump if I recall correctly, and several yard had signs.
This time there are two signs: both for Harris.
Not sure what to make of that. But I will take it as a good indicator of a Harris win.
Some of the less inbred Trump cultists are catching on to the fact it's not cool or edgy to publicly like Trump or Republicans. In fact, it's fucking hated. Jan 6, COVID, Student loan obstruction, Dobbs. 50/50 shot anybody you talk to will be fucking disgusted with you for supporting them.
They're still going to vote for him, but they are becoming increasingly aware that public support is not palatable.



I agree with Jeff. I need that White Dudes for Harris trucker hat.
I just bought one (donated to get one)
Holy shit.
Josh Gad
Bradley Whitford
EDIT:
SEAN FUCKIN ASTIN?!
They got Rudy!
https://whitedudesforharris.com
$3000000 And counting
Meanwhile Trump gets Kid Rock and Hulk Hogan 🤣
Adam Schiff, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, this is crazy fun.
MARK. HAMILL. LUKE SKYWALKER/THE JOKER. omg
I'm not going to lie, this has really lifted my soul. Too often these days, it does seem like being a "white dude" is largely inconsequential and is like...considered a bad thing to raise up. I'm so encouraged by "White Dudes for Harris" and all of these wonderful dudes coming together to say how much we need to stand up for ourselves as good people, some of us with wonderful women in our lives, and carry on this positive message of LOVE and true STRENGTH. Let's reverse this connotation of white dudes being some bad thing.
If you're a white dude, step up and show there's a lot of us out here doing good! Fly a flag and show your love of this country, take back these symbols that people who've been deceived have tried to take away.
Let's be proud of our nation and its promise, and get excited for a future with Kamala Harris leading our nation!
Hell yeah! I've been saying this for a long time and one of the presenters even said it: the Democrats haven't been talking to men. White men especially. So MAGA world has. We need to take back what it means to be a strong compassionate protector. A REAL man.



Gonna be hard for the rapist asshole to leave without being arrested for fleeing his crimes but good riddance to them. Hope they enjoy their lovely shack in russia. Kamala all the way I will dance on trumps grave when he's dead one day. Sooner rather than later would be good
Be careful. It will be used as a urinal, you wouldn't want to get that on your shoes.
And go where? Russia? Venezuela? North Korea?
I mean this would be great but I highly doubt he'll leave. He needs to come back every 2-4 years to terrorize us all.. His ego won't allow him to leave us alone
Anyway, don't get complacent... Vote Blue 💙🇺🇸
We joke about Russia but the realistic destination is Hungary
I don’t think the military would let him… or any living president. It’s too great of a national security risk.
I think a lot of people understand that presidents lose a lot of social “freedom” after being elected. Trump is unique in that he’s largely always lived this lifestyle. So people clutch their pearls and say, “it’s only because he was president!”
Yes, that is correct. Just like all the other ones.
FBI: Biden, you have documents you shouldn’t. Give them back.
Biden: Okeedokee
FBI: Trump, you have documents you shouldn’t. Give them back.
Trump: POLITICAL PERSECUTION
I vividly remember Trump singing this song before. He promised that we wouldn't have to hear from him again if he lost to Biden. The asswipe is a pathological liar.
Yep, the surest way to know he's not going to do something is if he says he's going to do it.
The court needs to revoke his passport and ground his plane as part of his probation.
They shouldn't threaten us with a good time.
Join:
Thank you President Biden. I'm going to enjoy the rest of your presidency because who knows what comes after.
Let’s get Joe a train and he can tour the country promoting transit like Jimmy Carter did with Habitat for Humanity. We’ll call his train Rail Force One.
There were some tactics to this withdrawal from the race. By waiting until after the RNC, they take away the attention from the RNC being discussed further in the news cycle, and trump is locked into the Republican nominee. Kamala was a prosecutor, speaks clearly, has a good grasp of law and government, and trump is a felon who rambles and is in physical decline. He needs help walking down a ramp, and he wears a diaper. The Republicans don't have much time to get dirt on her. Trump is now the oldest candidate in our history. He shows his mental health declining. His crimes will be highlighted for the next few months through the election cycle.
I remember when President Obama wasn't ready to come out in favor of marriage equality. Vice President Biden did the unthinkable and did an end run around his president and came out in favor of marriage equality. Also President Biden was the first president to walk a picket line. I feel very fortunate to have been able to vote for him.
We've had back-to-back Democratic presidents who, while not perfect, were both thoroughly decent and honorable. For Obama's eight years and Biden's four, the Republicans tried to find any kind of scandal to stick to them, and they failed. The worst they could come up with was that Biden's son had a drug problem.
They're both American heroes.
Uh, I think you're forgetting tan suit.
Thank you Mr. President. I still believe you could do the job and deliver another victory but I am willing to accept your decision. God bless you and your family. This reminds me of Washington stepping aside at the founding of the Republic. You stepped aside after a wrongly decided immunity decision by Supreme Court that gave you even more power. It shows your character to decline this office and power. I will miss Joe Biden as our President.
Obama and Biden. Greatest presidents in my lifetime.
Same. Obama was the first President I helped put in the white house.



Virtually everyone who grew up in NY and the Metro area hated Trump since the late 70's.
I’ll never forget the Central Park 5.
Even the people who love him today, hated him then.
He's always been an arrogant, racist richie-rich asshat ever since I was a kid. My family's half from NYC so I knew all about the stunt he pulled with the Central Park Five and his unending string of business failures.
I was a Republican before he decided to join the party. Never looked back
Yeah, this guy has creeped me out for like 35 years at least. When I found out he was running for President at first I thought it was a joke. This country is pretty messed up to make a failed business man/perv/narcissist/racist/ president. If he is voted in again I will lose all hope for this nation as a whole. Let’s do better Amercia💩
I was a Republican From my 18th birthday til the day after election day 2016. You couldn't pay me to vote Republican at this point, it's such a morally bankrupt orgy of corruption...
Everyone I knew in NYC hated Trump in the 1980’s.
I had no opinions about the guy except one. I thought he was a clown at best. How could he bankrupt multiple casinos?
Now, I hate him with a vengeance.



I loved her response when Bret tried to bait her into him implying Americans were stupid. She came back with I would never say that. That moment was so crucial for her campaign. She didn’t take the bait and gave another example of why she is ready to be Madame President.
He tried so hard to trap her into a "basket of deplorables" soundbite, and she stood her ground and refused to be cornered. Masterful.
You could see Brett Baier leaning forward on the edge of his seat, trying to take control, while Kamala Harris sat back and nailed him on every point. He could practically see his career tumbling before him. She tore him apart, wouldn’t let him interrupt, and made every argument she came to deliver. She wasn’t there to win over Fox or MAGA; she was there for the few stragglers who might still be out there in Fox’s orbit—and to stick it to the Fox hosts and Trump. Game, set, and match: Kamala KO.
Yasss
I've not seen better elaboration on the VP Harris' Fox interview!
Cuban has some great points.
She went on a network that had to pay $787 million for lying about the the last election.
https://apnews.com/article/fox-news-dominion-lawsuit-trial-trump-2020-0ac71f75acfacc52ea80b3e747fb0afe
Trump’s golf buddy constantly interrupted her.
https://golf.com/travel/fox-news-bret-baier-on-what-its-like-playing-golf-with-trump/
And they played a purposely edited clip to make her sound like she was lying about Trump’s incitement of violence.
https://x.com/atrupar/status/1846577637856031134
And at the end of the interview, the producers cut the segment short after they ran out of hit pieces about her.
She wanted to keep talking.
Watching her brought back many memories of men trying to "take me down." When my husband walked in while this was replaying on MSNBC this am, when that exchange was over~we locked on eye contact~"remind you of someone you know?" "Yes, looking right at her." We met while serving in the AF. He witnessed me take down several men in the AF and among some peers over the 48 years of marriage. I am a retired journeyman aircraft electrician. I learned early in life as a woman no one, especially a dick will intimidate me. My 3 brothers were training ground for that.
Mark Cuban is one hell of a man.
Mark Cuban is one of the only billionaires I have any respect for. I mean sure, he’s gotta be a prick somehow or you couldn’t accumulate that much wealth… but.. atleast he actually does good things, and just doesn’t toot his own horn all the time.
