As my grandad used to say, "Even a blind squirrel is right twice a day."
Grandpa got his meds mixed up a lot.
Yeah. I was working campaigns during the primaries in 2020. 
The way things happened after super Tuesday, days after my boss told us we'd be working for Biden if we were going to work the national campaigns it's pretty obvious to me there was never a choice on the dem side. 
Everyone should go check out Ezra Klein’s podcast from this last week on this exact topic. I agree with Ezra and he suggests that if Biden is lagging further behind in polls in May/June he should step aside as a candidate and let the party nominate someone new at convention
The convention would just nominate a younger version of Biden anyway, with no regard to any more progressive movement in ideology or policy. I've met the folks who ran to be delegates locally. The most brain-wormy shitlibs imaginable. You kinda have to be to be willing to collect petition signatures for Biden in December 2023. These types of people don't recognize how politics affects people, they're all privileged weirdos and true believers in the third way neo-liberal movement. The campaign will flounder and fail and the left will get blamed for Trump. Rinse and repeat.
Well the only person with a realistic chance of beating him in any sort of primary (Newsom) is actively backing him. So while I agree with the sentiment, Williamson and Phillips cant even garner 5% of the vote combined (based off South Carolina Primary). The argument could be made that it’s not a real primary but 2.1% and 1.7% vote totals aren’t exactly encouraging. If Newsom was willing to run and the DNC was torpedoing that then I would feel differently
Joe takes a seat, you tag in the Gretchen Whitmer, who has solidly won Michigan after repeating right to work legislation. Boom. Done.
I couldn't agree more! I live in California which will accordingly go Blue no matter what, so I'm casting my vote for Cornell West for president
People don’t understand when I tell them that the only wasted vote in California is for a mainstream party
I’m so confused. Why would any political party member run a serious campaign against an incumbent president? I get that Biden isn’t great but I don’t remember a presidential reelection that had a serious race against an incumbent.
Cops threatening to shoot an unarmed man that's on fire is one of the most American things I've seen lately.
This is the twentieth comment I've seen along those lines.
Good to see people see how absurd it is. Thumbs up emoji.
They threatened to shoot the guy on fire?
Yes.
He still find a last breathe to shout "Free Palestine" 🫡🇵🇸
It looks like the free speech bastion 'X' censored it.
Is that right? Or is there some other explanation for the broken link?
I have no other explanation, and am furious.
I copied the video before it was taken down. I will be re uploading it on Youtube.
Only in america do the police threaten to shoot a dying man on fire.
Margaret Killjoy has a really solid take on her substack.
"police threatened to shoot him"
there's a lot of irony here since american cops have training "exchange programs" with israel
It’s so wild talking to Gen Xers and Boomers who don’t get this. But then again, it’s easier to fool somebody than to convince somebody they’ve been fooled. I have a Boomer regular customer at my work who hates corporations and says they’re “ruining America… with their leftist propaganda and wokeism…” And I’m always like, “awww you were ALMOST there!!”
I don't think it's far fetched that many folks are pining for modernism that solidified some identities as being privileged, specifically WASP men. Corporate greed bad when everyone is robbed, good when only the colonized are.
That aside, I think it’s important to identify the shotgun effect of bad policy/economics. When they took away community centers in the suburbs it didn’t just affect minorities, it took away free 3rd places for everyone. Corporate greed will always hurt the people at the bottom but how do you explain this to a Data Analyst making $180k living in a house bought in 2017 in Rural New York?
There is far more to ideology and identity than just economic conditions. People don’t want to change, they want to be more comfortable. People resist and resent any force that tries to change or discourage their lifestyle. The membership of every ideological group is based upon improving members lives while protecting their identity, or the identity of your “in-group”. For instance, even if you aren’t an evangelical Christian, or a virulent racist, if that is your in-group, then you are likely to defend and protect that group from forces that would seek to change it.
And if I was one of those “middle of the road” people you just isolated me because you hurt my feelings by implying I would associate with those types of people.
It’s important to note that people on the right always want to seem like good people even when they’re doing evil things. They just won’t acknowledge it’s happening.
See: the shock on any white persons face when you give them a count of the number of people estimated to have been lynched or murdered as a result of Jim Crow.
My grandpa: "I hate politicians. They're so corrupt - only interested in greed"
Me: "I agree. The fact that politicians can be bought off/bribed is messed up. That's why I want higher taxes and regulations for corporations"
Grandpa: "It's not their fault - politicians shouldn't take bribes!"
Me: "Yes, I agree but let me ask: where are they getting bribes from?"
Grandpa: "We should punish the politicians..."
Me: "Why not both?"
Grandpa: "......I hate politicians."
“If only people would get out of the way of the free market!”
“How does the free market work?”
“Well an individual…”
“A people.”
“No, now you’re just twisting my words to make me sound dumb”
I’ve heard “you’re trying to make me sound dumb” so many times I stopped counting.
I dont really feel like keeping up with right wing talking heads but what is their proposed solution to corporate greed?
Fighting Wokeism. Corporations are trying to bleed hard working Americans dry and are either intentionally or unintentionally using those funds to push woke agendas.
But there concern is never with actual corruption it’s always gay beer or black characters.
Fundamentally, it's because economics affects ALL OF US, but racism, sexism, and queerphobia affect only some/half of us.
It's easier to accept that you are being screwed by corporations but conveniently ignore your own privileges than to fundamentally reassess your entire worldview surrounding hierarchies and power structures.
Edit: "...only affects some of us DIRECTLY." Sexism hurts men too, as feminist theory correctly states. Racism also hurts, albeit indirectly through austerity, the dominant race as well. Homophobia reinforces negative body and toxic masculinity stereotypes too, etc etc.
Palestinian voters and voters who care about Palestine.
100%
Why would any Palestinian vote for someone who won't decry the genocide taking place in Gaza?
Harris needs to say publicly what she's been saying in private. I know she's called for a ceasefire, but she needs to threaten to cut off diplomatic ties with Israel and ban weapon sales to them.
Someone needs to bring Israel to heel with a hard jerk on the leash. Stop the fucking white-washing and enabling of Israel's numerous war crimes. The fact that Netanyahu wasn't arrested while he was on US soil is shameful. He's a fucking war criminal. He shouldn't be speaking in Congress, he should be locked up in chains at the Hague.
Um... Are Democrats "trashing" Palestinian voters?
A loaded question is a complex question that contains an assumption or falsehood, and is often used to achieve the questioner's agenda.
GW Bush did this to John McCain in South Carolina in the primaries. His campaign arranged robo-calls to predominantly white voters asking: "would you vote for John McCain if you knew he had a mixed race baby?" Even though McCain did not have a mixed race baby.
They're trashing Pro-Palestine voters, that's for damn sure. Many in the Dem establishment call us the KKK, Nazis, terrorist supporters and so forth. Also that were funded and supported by China and/or Russia. These claims are very common.
I can't keep track of whether I'm being paid by China, Putin, Soros, Iran or Hamas. It's difficult because their checks never seem to arrive.
The genocide will continue until morale improves.
The moral revulsion might cause non Palestinians Americans to also not vote for you, but that’s something different.
Given that the alternative is Trump and he said he’d tell Israel to “finish the job”, I’d say compromise is not a dirty word
Enjoy Trump's approach to Gaza then

What's with all the liberals in here 😩 I hate that we're at the point where if you point out our leaders are aiding and abetting GENOCIDE, a bunch of people feel the need to come in and tell you how you're actually the problem
Because scratch a liberal and a fascist bleeds. Too many liberals have this idealized version of themselves in which they think fundamentally they are a good person because they aren't as bad as the reactionary conservatives when reality has shown they are just one in the same. This inability to square that circle means if they want to continue thinking they are good they must attack those who have morals and are saying THEY are bad and evil. Prime example, look at the Civil rights movement, most liberals at the time HATED the civil rights movement. They were annoyed that they were being inconvenienced by all the agitation towards securing rights for Black Americans. Fast-forward years later, liberals act as if they were on the front lines advocating for change and that IF they were there they would have been in the front lines when history shows they are more likely to be the foot soldiers of fascism. https://youtu.be/gtaTzFmAabk?t=136&si=iK8M76pkbHUJEpYm Liberals are at the point of Zen Fascism STFU and enjoy the bounties of Empire, stop fighting against the bounties of the Empire, eat the fucking slider, drink the fucking beer, and trigger the left.
Liberals must smite the left to smite their own conscience.
You can thank Bernie for that. I find a lot of people who say their democratic socialists are actually just confused social democrats who think they’re democratic socialists because that’s what Bernie and AOC call themselves. 
So naturally they get defensive over liberals stuff.
“Reagan would have endorsed her” is starting to make a lot of sense
Even Reagan told Israel “You’re doing a Holocaust. Cut it out!” And he may have been more brain dead than Genocide Joe!
Thanks to DSA for being at least one single organization that doesn't accept our rulers' B.S. on this point.
And I say this as someone whose politics are fairly conservative: I'm still grateful for DSA.
You should join DSA instead of just posting on this sub!
The laws in this country don’t apply to the ruling elites, just us. The president is basically free to do anything now thanks to SCOTUS.
It was sold badly. It was put forward as a way to help deal with homelessness, but without a plan. It was the mayor of Chicago basically asking for a giant slush fund without telling anyone what he was planning on doing with it.
I voted for it. But the most common thing that I heard from people who didn’t was that they didn’t like the fact that there was no plan for how the money would be spent, which fair enough I guess. That was a bad move by the proponents
If you ring fence the spending, then:
It's a damned if you do/damned if you don't situation.
Oakland passed a housing bond measure, no way the cops can get that right? Well next we had a budget crisis (caused by OPD'S overtime), the budget was balanced by dropping general fund investment in housing & shifting it to cops, so now the bond is pretty much the only housing financing we have.
“Opponents say…” ok, who gives a shit? What did the advocates say? God I hate capitalist media
Probably the stuff in the sentence right before that one?
Not knowing about this happening before reading this, I strongly agree with the principle, but given the current real estate market, wouldn't most be above that $1 million mark in that urban area now? Just going off my own local area, houses that sold for $100k 20 years ago are valued at over $1 million now, which is probably why it failed.
The median house price there is ~$350k, but I imagine the median house price among voters is considerably higher. I am curious how they decided on $1 million rather than 5 or 10, or to adjust for inflation/the market (top 25% of the market or X times the median price).
I can hear the commercials now. 'There's a storm coming for Chicagoans...'
"lowering rates on properties that sell for less than that amount"
So weird that people don't want to lower their taxes. We need more class consciousness in this country.
Oh no not the commercial real estate market 🙄
Booo
Term limits are a first step .here's what else needs to be done
I think that Justices should also be held to instant recall elections by the American public.
Appointed by experts, but accountable to the public.
18 years is too long. Maybe half that.
This. The average term length currently for Supreme Court Justices is ~16 years. Capping it at 18 definitely helps to prevent situations like with RBG, but most are still so old when they get into the role that they'll essentially be serving for life or until health-related retirement.
10 sounds good. Nice even number.
It’s a decent first step, but we’re going to need more than that
Right? A reasonable code of ethics higher than the lower courts and a readily enforceable consequence with teeth would be nice. I'd love to live to see the reduction of our two tiered justice system but I hold no delusions.
We only get progress during an election session
This is DOA. You’re not going to get a constitutional amendment. Court packing however just takes a simple majority. Make the new number 13, appoint 4 more justices, that’s a 7-6 majority.
Oh, a whole op-ed huh? That's crazy, what'll he do next?
is that the famously punched fashion nazi thinking tim's post is extra?
Yes
He's been doing some rebranding into being this kind of reformed liberal or something. Dunno what sparked that or how genuine it is though
What a maroon.
It's great to see how scared they've all become of losing. The desperation is palpable.
He’s afraid she will put balding men in camps I think
Enforced hair transplants.
r/thesimpsonsdidit when McBain fought Commie Nazis in S09E23.
Really throwing everything out there huh
Hold on... isn't saying shit like this not ok since it incites violence against the political candidate???
Never thought Timmy would become such a hypocrite...
Obvious /s
Following in the footsteps of Mother Jones, Eugene Debbs, Cesar Chavez, and A. Philip Randolph. Crank up the Woodie Guthrie!
Plenty of us gen Xers cheering them on.
I find it heartening how often I hear everyday people casually (if lightly) criticizing capitalism. I say criticize rather than critique because I don't think most people could fully articulate an alternative. Is this enough to spark the revolution? Of course not. But I hope that it means people will be open to more progressive politics, if given the option. We just need some more inspiring leaders to help turn rhetoric into action.
This Israel position might cost him. Jesus this is bad.
Not necessarily, I don't think this will be a single issue election coming up. and I doubt this will be the single issue people vote on. especially considering the alternative is probably someone who would actively help Israel with their genocide agenda.
Organizing with your local socialists and making preparations for fascism turned inward are far more important and far more effective than just voting every four years. Don't wait for shit to hit the fan before you start organizing, it will be too late then. Organize, educate, agitate, and prepare for instability.
IF there is another Trump presidency, blue states will undoubtedly try to use their state power to oppose heinous decrees made at the federal level. We need to be prepared to activate aid networks to assist the most vulnerable members of our society. We should be prepping those networks and building our organizations now, not wait until the next president is declared.
Even if Trump doesn't win, we still need to be doing all of this. We are still socialists, and we still must build our own strength to challenge capitalism. The empire is in decline, and the fascist policies that are used by capitalists to brutalize the global south will be turned inward and directed towards the host nation in an effort to maintain profits and growth.
NBC Poll out this morning.
Genocide joe
It's good young people are on the side of Palestine
So vote Democrat so they can save the Republicans and Merica 🇺🇲... thanks for the lesser evil talking points 👍
welp Trump will actually manage to be worse. Remember how hard Netanyahu was campaigning for Trump because Trump wanted to and did tear up the Iran nuclear agreement. That's that real WWIII shit Netanyahu and his ilk get warboners over.
What?
And that asshole Fetterman is trolling it:
https://twitter.com/JohnFetterman/status/1764652647137640645
Can't wait until Biden loses and then all these shiteating neoliberals will suddenly care deeply about party unity.
Sucks to see - I guess everybody's gotta fall in line with The Party eventually :/
We need to nominate someone other than Biden even if the Democratic nominee is a Third Party Leftist.
The primary is going on literally right now.
It’s pretty sad that it’s easier to get people to rally behind “non of the above” than an actual candidate. I understand the idea of the protest but It has to be way more effective to just pick someone else. I guess no one else can break through the noise.
I’m not a huge Biden fan at all. But abstaining is a vote for Trump which we know has worse policies for LGBTQ, CLIMATE, and the economy
A vote for Biden in the primary is nothing but a symbolic gesture of support. The general election is a different story.

worth keeping in mind that this statement came from one DSA chapter (Philly), NOT the national org
But also, the national org is explicitly anti-imperialist and anti-zionist so in all likelihood Shapiro would not fly there either.
At least Fetterman isn’t on the shortlist
If he ended up on anyone's list, they should be slapped.
When she herself adamantly supports Israel what does it matter if her VP also does?
VPs get work delegated to them, and he might unexpectedly become president
I think signals something. It’s not like this is his only bad issue.
Wait until some insufferable weirdos accuse Philly DSA of supporting Kamala because of this
I mean Kamala literally supports Israel too so lol
Yes every candidate will support Israel to some degree, but Shapiro is far to the right on this issue, he compared Palestinian protestors to the KKK and banned BDS. Kamala on the other hand has consistently pushed the administration to a more Pro-Palestinian position, and is behind a lot of the more positive things the US has done.
In order to have the material conditions necessary to continue to organize workers, you need to block the more reactionary clique of the capitalist class from getting their hands on the levers of state power.
I love how succinct you put this, friend. I’ve been fighting the good fight trying to make this argument… it’s scary how many of our fellow leftists are willing to give up any hope of progress and leftism being in power in this country just to retain some worthless “moral high ground.”
Say what you want about insane maga republicans, but they voted consistently for years… even as politicians promised, and failed, to do all of the insane things they wanted (like overturn Roe v Wade)… but they stayed the course… and guess what, they’re reaping the fruits of their labor now! Why? Because leftists, the side that’s supposed to be the “big tent” constantly bails on its leaders when they aren’t exactly what they want (that goes both ways mind you, neolibs dont support leftists and leftist don’t support libs and so on). You got your morals, great, but ain’t got no power. Truly the definition of “letting perfect be the enemy of good.”
Reminds me of the great Newsroom quote: “if liberals are so god damn smart, why do they lose so god damn often” lol.
Alright, but how will not voting make anything better and what would your alternative be?
I would personally vote for the lesser evil as it doesn't take much effort while at the same time continuing to organize and do other beneficial things.
To quote a favorite tweet of mine, "People on here be like 'voting is much less effective than my plan, which is firebombing a Walmart' and then not firebomb a Walmart".
Also, the democratic socialism is one of the few types of socialism that explicitly embraces the idea it doesn't need revolutionary means to be enacted. I don't know why you are mad that "DemSocs" think that voting works when a core tenet of demsocialism is that voting can work.
“We need to get a grip and start organizing an actual socialist workers movement”
What do you think we have been trying to do, for years? And we’ve made progress, even if it’s painfully slow. The discourse around capitalism today is very different than it was a decade ago. It’s gonna take a lot longer. Suck it up and keep organizing and pushing.
As far as voting goes: The fact of the matter is that your choices are genocide abroad, or genocide abroad and a crackdown on leftists in the US. If Trump wins, there’s a good chance we won’t be able to organize whatsoever going forward. Priority 1 is maintain the ability to continue organizing. Accelerationism is also bullshit. There’s people who have held that view that “if the capitalists win hard enough everyone will revolt” going back to the 1800s. It hasn’t panned out. Voting has nothing to do with morality. So go get drunk, vote for genocide Joe over double genocide trump, and then get back to organizing.
This whole circle jerk about “Biden being no better than trump” is wildly disconnected from the very real and present danger of the reactionary capitalists getting full control over the levers of state power. There is nothing as important as stopping that. Least of all you feeling good about who or why you vote for.
Voting for lesser evil of the two parties is all we can do . And it’s dramatic to say we’re already in a fascist country cause ethnic cleansing.
I’d rather kill myself than vote for either of those fucking dogs. But wtf if the alternative.
Not voting for them. That is an alternative. It is an option that is available.
What’s your alternative? I’m not asking for moral grandstanding or whatever - what is your alternative that is better?
Childish. There's always a better choice between two people. Go back to tankie subreddits and continue to be a keyboard warrior there; people here actually care about voting, OR THEY WOULDN'T HAVE STARTED A THIRD PARTY.
Come here, complain we don't do enough, offers no new way forward and then expects us to just... Rally behind you? Lol.
The trade unions are where the Proletariat get practice in self organization. All Marxists should have involvement in whatever labor union they can.
God these comments show how poorly read and politically illiterate yall are. "Yeah i'm a socialist but i just think every socialist historical figure, socialist state, socialist party, and socialist policy are all incorrect"
There are a great deal of socialist historical figures, parties, and policies I strongly support. Lenin just happens not to be one of them.
Pretty rich by the guy who subordinated all trade unions to the will of the state and his communist faction
"The communist fractions in the trade unions are completely subordinate to the party organizations," https://www.marxists.org/history/ussr/government/party-congress/10th/16d-abstract.htm
The party is the vanguard. Of course the unions, which are limited, need to subordinate. They’re still important.
Still the lesser evil compared to the tsar
And lead to one of the great improvements in quality of life every seem till the Chinese surpasses them.
Glad to see leftists coming together and not infighting in the face of eco collapse and ww3…
Let’s keep arguing, it’ll work this time.
Sounds great on paper, how did they go from uplifting proletariat to sending half the country to GULAG
Never forget Kronstadt. Never forgive the massacre.
Just very, very quiet
She’ll say all kinds of stuff, but pose for pictures with Netanyahu after symbolically not going to see him talk. She definitely didn’t do any work on handing him off to the ICC.
"But she will continue arming Israel to the teeth so they can commit genocide unabated."
"Will not be silent" can easily be interpreted as "Lie her ass off just like Biden."
Until we are talking about boycotts, sanctions, removal of all aid and weapons, suspending all intelligence-sharing, withdrawal from any treaties, etc. - beyond unimpressed.
Actions are the only thing that matter here.
In sure she will be annoyed by the protestors and will work to open the Israeli blockades causing Gazans to starve... eventually. /s
Stop genocide
Yeah. We'll see.
After calling the red line protesters "violent" and "pro hamas" she lost my vote. Fuck her
This thread is why we won’t ever get progress. Can’t take good news when we get it smh
The dsa has not and will not endorse Joe Biden for president
So I'm not sure what you're talking about
The sentiment in the op is on point. I’m tasking you with doing something about. The DSA and allied orgs in my red southern state hell hole are doing the work. Open fridges, mutual aid, tenant organizing, and taking hold of elected office. What do you plan to do?
DSA is not supporting Biden and it didn’t in 2020. Stop sniffing your own farts
A democratic revolution doesn't happen overnight, this will take decades. The people in power will try to divide us repeatedly and discourage voting for our own interests (like Joe Biden in this case unfortunately).
What would you suggest we do about it? Just roll over and let the Dems and Conservatives play their game, furthering nothing at all towards our own agenda?
There is nothing within the political landscape that says the DSA or any other movement on the far left is going to work. That is, nothing indicates their strategy will lead to any significant change (outside of some black swan).
Find new strategies. Create more unity on the left.
then join dsa and change it man
(1/3)
Should We Participate in Bourgeois Parliaments?

OP is going around in his prior post telling people not to vote in the next election.
Trev is either a troll, a right winger trying to fuck with people, or a left winger who fundamentally doesn’t understand how politics and voting works.
Ignore them, please.
You need to at least try to strike some fear in the biden admin with the threat of not voting. Follow through or don't.
Who the hell joins dsa to support the status quo?
are you still at it? find something to do
Lesser of two evils feels more like “It puts the Biden on the skin or it gets the Trump again”   
So Biden is lotion?
Biden deserves to stand trial at The Hague not be the democrat nominee. We didn’t even get a real primary. We just got genocide Joe shoved down our throats. And now the democrats are using the threat of Trump to get us to vote for him.
Still need to support Biden but ya, we shouldn’t have to be in this position.
You really don’t.
If you vote for Biden you are a part of the problem. Sorry we’re not going to support your party’s genocide or your party’s barbaric border policy because orange man bad. Can’t fool us twice
Who are you supporting?
Everyone: Nixon lost bc he looked sweaty. Dukakis lost bc he looked cold hearted. Goldwater lost because he sounded insane. It's on them
Everyone: yes, Biden is a horrible candidate. Yes, he did so bad the party is considering replacing him. But if he loses, it's the voters fault. Particularly, people on the left side of "more taxes for the rich", which btw is an unelectable position, and won't get sympathy from poor people! See, our think tanks said so. Stop questioning if the walking vegetable can actually win the election, scapegoat!
I mean. I think it's fair to question if he can. But there's no evidence there's anybody who could do better, either.
I'm focused on the things I can control, not imagining centrists to be mad at. There's actual fascists who stand to win big if Trump does, so that's my biggest concern right now.
The party refused to have a primary and the irony is completely lost on the saviors of democracy.
The electoral college makes it way fucking harder to run a rando write in candidate etc. A way forward is improving democracy by getting rid of that. Also, expanding the court.
I mean, we all love socialism but I'm not sure how many people in the dsa really think the people running the org are the best possible people who could be doing so.
Democracy sometimes produces "lowest common denominator" candidates. It's...a feature of the system.
Biden is not a candidate I'm happy to vote for, but sadly, the evidence suggests that Biden still has the best chance of beating Trump.
Yeah, awful lot of people in these parts are confusing "bowing to realism" with what people would prefer. There's a reason I keep pushing for electoral reform. It's not sexy but with it all other change becomes easier which is why the powers that be fight so hard against it (as one can see in Maine).
Well there was no primary and it’s not like Democratic Primaries are a level playing field at any rate.
The DNC establishment is a ancien regime who act like politics haven’t changed since 1996. (This is not a reference to Biden’s age… his age doesn’t even make the list of problems I have with him.)
If we can replace Biden that’s great!
But I don’t think we can. Also this should have happened before the presidential debate with the primary not after! Democrat officials are so dumb
There is no viable mechanism to remove Biden from the ballot without his actively trying to make that happen or him dying. The system as set up is terrible. That is our present reality. If he doesn’t get on board with that, we’re still stuck voting for him. Otherwise we can look forward to another 40 + years of “6-3 decision” AT THE LEAST, assuming we don’t just have the end of the electoral process all together.
hell, that would make the Democratic Party a much more politically attractive institution if that were the case.
Warnock giving even a little hint of care for the people of Palestine during his speech was something I did not expect on day one of the DNC convention.
I know they aren't perfect, but Fain, Warnock, and AOC really do help make the future look brighter
How many of them support removing all funding to Israel? How many of them talk about universal healthcare? AOC initially ran on M4A, when was the last time she talked about that?
Pathetic DNC dick riding as usual
Idk for sure, but I really think Shawn Fein is one of us.
Because she can lie well and sheepdog progressives and "the left" into the dem party. So pathetic is the American left.
By that it means that they are all solidly buyable by the wealthiest and most powerful.
The future of the DNC emerged in Gaza and its Genocide not any of these people.
LOL
He may say that, but the Harris campaign is leaning heavily to a stance of "Trump talks tough on the border, but we're actually the ones who crack down on crossing".
Unfortunately, a lot of people like it. And not just the right, but people from across the spectrum.
It’s unfortunate (though not entirely surprising) to see Fain casting illusions in the Harris/Walz ticket, especially since the UAW has been at the forefront of calling for a ceasefire within the labor movement. Fain’s ascent in the UAW is welcome change and a big victory for the labor movement, no doubt. But I think his speech at the DNC is a clear indicator that we have so much farther to go to break the labor movement away from the Democratic Party.
There's this "bogeyman" of new "immigrant crime" that can't be seen or measured. That's what I've heard from the anti-immigration crowd including my few MAGA friends. People are just too afraid. Even though FDR was a lib, he was right when he said, "The only thing we have to fear is fear itself!"
The left was mean to me so I’m joining the group that will be even meaner to me 🙄
The future is happening too quickly for a lot of people.
She’ll be a token. She’ll be thrown flowers and adulation, exactly what she craves to feed her ego.
And then she’ll find herself at odds with an issue and they’ll chew her up and she can pivot third party to pursue another grift.
Ana was a product of when Liberalism thinks itself to be Left. Ana was at best a Liberal during her time at TYT. As an extension of this, every one of her "controversies" which she got "cancelled by the left" over was her hyper individualizing certain broad topics because she PERSONALLY was victimized. This suddenly made her feel as if crime was around every single dark corner she passed by. This paranoid delusion is the same one conservatives have about EVERYTHING. Because of this, Ana began to make wild statements involving crime, and the homeless which were divorced from reality because in her personal reality she was a victim. This was her fundamental issue. I don't think people were ever trying to invalidate her trauma from her attack, but to try and paint a picture that crime is suddenly up because YOU were the victim of a crime just flys in the face of reality and that is where leftists reside, in reality and not their own personal fictionalized reality. As for the birthing persons debacle, this was just the right wing propaganda landing into her already broken mind at the right time. But similar to the last issue, she hyper individualized the idea of birthing person being used as a broad inclusive medical term being used by field professionals as something people were saying to her in person (which was probably never the case)
Ana suffered from the classic downfall of liberalism, hyper individualizing societal problems and letting the paranoia of hyper individualizing problems like crime rot the mind away until they seek an authoritarian strong man who will "Keep them safe" aka the Liberal to Fascist pipeline.
Spot on! 👍 and an example of why theory and history are so important to protect ourselves from falling for what is smoke and mirrors in front of capitalisms contradictions.
I don’t think this is entirely the case. I think it’s far more likely that she got tired of not getting what she thought she deserved as far as money/fame/whathaveyou, and so took a look at the right wing grift and made a conscious decision to get that bag.
I think she’s way too smart to be doing this because of anything she genuinely believes.
Ironically I found my political ideology through TYT but then but I realized I was moving further left and they weren’t lmao.
Kasparian has been a right-wing shill for a while now. It’s the same grift they all do. Jimmy Dore. Russell Brand. Tim Pool. Candace Owens. It’s just a ploy to lend legitimacy to your criticisms of “The Left.” Then you lean hard into right wing politics either because that’s who you really always were or you see dollar signs. Either way she sucks and she’s been telegraphing this since her “Birthing person,” rant.
Putting her in the same pool as Candace Owens and Tim Pool seems like a bit much at this point in time. Pool and Owens are soulless husks of human beings and mouthpieces to the highest bidders. Ana isn't quite there... yet.
Sounds like she doesn’t like idpol but holds left-wing economic views
She needs to be more courageous and call it genocide herself, we need people to be as bold and explicit about what’s happening as possible.

That's a great opinion, I'm sure people will have a totally normal response to it since she's a DSA elected and on the same side as us.
looks at first comment
Well fuck
Hard to say she's on the same side as us after reading Ryan Grimm's book about the squad. I don't know if electing reformist politicians has been very effective at reforming anything.
I used to consider myself a progressive. I love Bernie Sander. How ever I am at odds with the squad on almost every social issue. I guess I am an economic progressive
We elected "progressives" but centrists took office. Now I'm into greens and Independents. Screw the party.
I got banned from the Socialism sub for talking about making sure old people feel included in society and how I think we should have programs that help them with finding training and employment in fields that would be easy for elderly people to work in (if they want a job).
The point being so they have an extra avenue to socialize in a constructive environment where they can also contribute to the society (as a side goal this helps the looming age crisis, like what's happening in Japan and some other Asian nations). None of this would be mandatory, all their needs should be met regardless of if they work, but I think it's an idea we should look at implementing.
I honestly think there are a lot of Left-wing Subs run by people who are actively trying to sabotage Left-wing organizing and community building. It's a serious issue.
Just want to say thank you for raising this point. I think it’s absolute horseshit that we support kids in our society (through education) but there’s next to nothing for seniors. Why not take better care of elders? These days it’s either like you have tons of money, you can get into a decent assisted living facility. If not, you’re beyond screwed.
I completely agree. I've been involved in politics in the US for over 30 years. As much as I would like rapid and radical change, I long ago realized that I needed to be more pragmatic if I wanted to get any change accomplished.
As you and others have pointed out, any realistic avenues for change are immediately shut down. I don't know if it's authoritarian Tankies or conservatives/NeoLibs LARPing, there is definitely an issue
Really interesting to hear that the people who you're active with IRL are also banned. Almost like these subreddits are run by people who believe the opposite of the ideology. 
It's weird because like I look through the comments and there are a half dozen other people saying basically the same thing that aren't getting banned, and that was certainly not the first time I've pointed out that legal immigration allows better taxation of immigrants labor on that subreddit, so it's clearly not just the content of the posts...
Yeah those subs are total trash. I want to believe they're ops, but that's wishful thinking honestly. Doing the most damage to the cause since cointelpro.
You see those types in this sub, too, but not quite as much.
Part of it may just be Reddit… I’ve been banned from atheist sites (for being an atheist but arguing against “anti-theism”.) and lots of mainstream political spaces after the attack on Gaza began.
The communist subs are definitely sectarian. I was banned for basically not being a Maoist. They are almost self-parody with that… Tankies purging other marxists who don’t worship their favorite nation-state.
Someone commented to me that socialists aren't serious. They are okay with spouting Marx but aren't willing to actually advance a revolution.
There seems to be a lot of gatekeepers who call themselves socialists. Haven't studied Marx? Don't know the bourgeois from the proletariat? Can't spell either?
No socialism for you.
I haven't read Marx but I doubt that gatekeeping was his goal. It would seem to me that Marx would talk to everyone who'd listen and a few who don't about the 'revolution'? I doubt that he'd care whether you can spell the most important words on this thread so long as you know which side of the fight you're on.
Gatekeepers are a disservice to Marx, Sanders and socialism in both definition and practice.
Get it together 'comrades'.
Socialism is for everyone!
Still, I think you're missing out a bit by not reading Marx. The translation helps--Ben Fowkes' Capital vol 1 is more readable than the "authorized" version, ban me--but regardless, he's just such a fantastic writer and thinker that it is a genuinely enjoyable, thought-provoking experience. I think this is especially true of the economic writings, which aren't directly about revolution but which without a doubt are revolutionizing. If you don't want to go whole hog and read Capital, try Wage Labor and Capital, or Value, Price, and Profit.
I got banned from r/socialism for saying that Jewish Israelis currently living in Israel should be able to continue living there peacefully under any resolution the conflict.
The problem with Internet moderators is that no one is holding them accountable to make sure their decisions are reasonable and fair. At the end of the day, the kids can really do whatever they want.b
The only person to blame for this is Joe Biden
Another take on this: "Democrats who tut-tut Muslim anguish about Gaza & casually remind Muslims how much Trump hates them are not allies - they simply see the relationship as transactional".
Here's what pisses me off.
When a white, male, blue collar Obama-Trump-Biden voter signals that because of inflation he may switch back to Trump in 2024, it's all hands on deck. 🚨🚨WARNING. WARNING. A WHITE MAN MAY VOTE FOR TRUMP. We have to do everything in our power to win this guy's vote back!🚨🚨 Quick, get those GDP numbers up! Get Biden in front of the picket line! Before it's too laaatteee!!1!1!!!
When a Black, Obama-Clinton-Biden voter says he may not vote this time around (not FOR Trump, just leaving the ticket blank) because Biden won the election off the 2020 BLM protests and immediately turned around and said "actually what they meant was the police should have more money", then it's FUCK YOU. WHAT? YOU WANT TRUMP TO WIN? YOU THINK TRUMP WOULD BE BETTER?? GET IN LINE AND SHUT UP!!!
When an Arab, Obama-Clinton-Biden voter says he may not vote this time around (again, not FOR Trump) because Biden has directly killed members of her family, then it's FUCK YOU. WHAT? YOU WANT TRUMP TO WIN? YOU THINK TRUMP WOULD BE BETTER?? GET IN LINE AND SHUT UP!!!
It's kind of clear that white voters have legitimate concerns that need to be addressed if you want to win an election. But the votes of people of color are basically threatened with fascist violence for non compliance to a party that often collaborates with Republicans against our interests.
I'm Black and Muslim and I'm leaving the top of the ticket blank next year. We are talking about moving Joe Biden not even to a radical left position, but just away from genocide. Moving him towards the position of the Democratic party under Obama. If that's too much to expect then yeah, no, I'm done. And many other people are thinking the same way too
Either a democrat or a republican will win the next election. We can all hate that, we can continue advocating against it, but it is the reality of the situation we are in.
So abandon Biden if you like, but understand what the alternative is going to be, whether we like it or not.
So shouldn't it be incumbent upon Biden and the Democratic Party to do whatever they can to get votes?
It seems like they are instead taking the attitude of "fuck you, I'm going to support genocide, but you better fucking vote for me anyway."
Understood. I’ve made peace with my decision.
Seems odd that Biden didn't consider that before cheerleading a genocide with our tax money.
I'm not voting for him no matter what.
Vote Blue!!!
A Muslim Ban vs an ongoing genocide isn't the win you think it is?
Hundreds of Palestinians are dying every day vs 4 years of no immigration, most people are going to pick the lack of immigration.
Only white Americans struggle to fathom that life outside of the US is worth something.
Expel the MFers.
No socialist org worth being called socialist should be providing cover for zionist conflation of anti-imperialism and antisemitism.
There's only 3 DSA members in Congress 2 didn't vote yes on this Tlaib and Bush. Title's a bit misleading.
AOC is the only one that did.
Just gonna toss this note again on verification of membership.
Greg Casar (D-TX) is no longer endorsed by DSA, but he is a member (or at least still was as of March 2022). He voted yes.
I agree with you that's unsettling.
Showing their true colors. If anyone in the house had a spine (or a brain, in some cases) they'd stand up against this bullshit.
Is this a problem of individuals achieving their political ambitions and revealing what they really stand for, a problem within the party being unable to organize the politicians it has helped get elected, a problem of being part of the democratic party and therefore being subject to its demands, or something else?
Bruh, wake me up when the vast majority of you realize that you need to hold ALL your members accountable. Fraudulent members that consistently vote against the agenda should be kicked out.
More proof dsa is a joke.
This seems rather meaningless. The people who need some cover get some, the people who were always gonna oppose it did. Nothing has really changed. I wouldn’t get too hyper focused on it.
The democrats are in service to capital. And therefore so they are also in service to imperialism. So ofc they support the zionist settler-colonial project. This is what the democrats always do when it comes down to the wire, they serve capital.
If it wasn't for Biden, Netanyahu would be in an ICC prison. The Biden/Harris administration has been blocking the ICC arrest warrants since they were announced. The US is party to this genocide. Every member of the US administration is a war criminal and deserve to rot in prison.
They walked out of Russias discussion and "points to ukraine" look what happened. The UN is ineffective in preventing suffering. They could have allowed Ukriane to be a Nato member if it wasn't for their silly policies on lifetime membership and countries being allowed to force other countries to vote their way.
Ukraine shouldn’t be in nato
As a note, this post makes no attempt to advocate for any official DSA policy. That's a completely separate argument, in my opinion. I'm just talking about leftist communities. We have to stop fighting about this, y'all. It is weakening us. We need to get our shit together.
Completely feel you. I don't give a fuck about what other Leftists do at the ballot box and arguing over this is sucking energy from important work. I personally have been thinking of the presidential election from a "single issue" perspective of high court appointments. Trump would do lasting damage to progress by appointing young far Right judges to federal posts. These judicial appointees will make crucial decisions with damaging long lasting effects. Harris won't be appointing Socialist judges, but at least American moderates will do less damage than the insane far right can do. Whatever conclusions others come to, I'm not going to expend energy arguing over their choices.
If it’s not this it’ll be something else. It’s not a coincidence, and leftists aren’t more prone to infighting or aggression. There are some (in my opinion) very obvious plants on both sides of this debate sowing discord amongst the left. Welcome to cointelpro comrade
It's really just reddit.
I mean it’s also tiktok and Twitter and ig
It most definitely is not. I’m involved in leftist communities in my area and I know a group that was associated with the National American communist party that was excommunicated for not wanting to support and endorse harris. The factionalism is very real.
Personally, my opinion is that the DSA’s policy on the Democratic Party should be “I’m not going to kill you, but that doesn’t mean I have to save you.” Strategically, a Harris win in 2024 is better for us than a Trump win, and realistically those are the two options presented to us, but we should be focused on increasing class consciousness and building a base that can push a DSA (or at least dsa-compatible) candidate in 2028. The Democrats have a gigantic budget and a huge base; if the dsa doesn’t officially endorse Harris, they’ll still be fine.
I absolutely second this. We're already considered a fringe minority by the democrats. Increasing class consciousness and building a bottom-up leftist movement should be our priority, not bickering with each other and forming factions.
The real thing is the DSA needs to separate from the Dems entirely, post-election. Vote for her on the way out.
The Dem party is incapable of even wanting to deliver a better life for the people.
There needs to be some kind of massive left wing movement. Something that shows us as a powerful political force instead of just the freak show that the democrats like to lightly pander to and then ignore. They treat us worse than mainstream conservatives treat their nazi supporters.
I live in a state with ranked choice voting.
Kamala is one of the candidates I will be voting for.
This is my main beef with the DSA - Ranked Choice Voting should be the #1 priority.
It’s the only way to claw back the democracy we’ve seen erased since Citizens United.
Which state has that? Me want ranked choice voting.
All the usual reservations (neoliberal + false identitarian promises + Gaza). All the usual reasons (Trump + Project 2025 + courts + greenlight for ground level reactionary violence).
Conclusion: Yes. Voting for Kamala. And then getting back to the real political work with my chapter and elsewhere.
exactly. people act like voting for harris means im suddenly a neoliberal. nope, just trying to have another election to vote in in the future.
So goes the meme, I will be “Whispering ‘ACAB’ as I fill in the little circle next to Kamala Harris”
Yup. Way easier to move towards socialism from a centrist democracy than from a facist theocracy. I don’t blame anyone who doesn’t though. I usually vote third party. This election feels different though.
My take is that a Harris admin is going to be significantly more friendly to socialists than Trump. Trump and project 2025 is very fascistic, and will do whatever they can to criminalize socialist activism, and I genuinely worry of a new red scare and Mccarthyism
100%. No candidate is going to take us where we need to go, but Harris is going to take us a little closer and Trump is going to take us very far in the wrong direction.
Voting is an act of harm reduction. Not the only means of action in a republic. 
