So he’s funding America’s first dictator when he actually needs a family counselor.
JFC
I think one of his big problems is that he's gotten to the point that he gets rid of anyone who disagrees with him, so he's currently surrounded by yes-men grifting for his money. This wouldn't be any different if he went to therapy. The moment his preconceived notions were challenged in the slightest he'd just find someone new
And blaming his problems on his own child. Surely that’ll fix his kid right up. 
Imagine turning into Elon Musk instead of working on accepting and loving your kid for who they are, even if your kid lives a life you may not fully understand. Sad.
Instead of embracing his child’s agency, he tried to take it, which ultimately cost him his relationship and kickstarted his downward spiral. He’s a bonafide narcissistic nutjob.
He’ll fit in just fine with the GOP then.
If you’re ever had a narcissistic parent, you already know this. It’s all about them, on their terms, and always will be. They’re legit physically and emotionally incapable of any feeling to anyone that isn’t them. So if you’re different in a way they don’t accept, prepare to have them weaponize your entire life against you.
Elon Musk is a twat
This article has an embarrassing amount of typos, but I'm glad to see a conservative paper like USAToday say this straight up:
"Gender-affirming care is a valid, science-backed method of medicine that saves lives for people who require care while navigating their gender identity. Gender-affirming care can range from talk or hormone therapy to surgical intervention.
Some experts claim that that gender-affirming care should be viewed like other forms of medicine where methods of treatment can be debated and discussed rather than the validity of it's need."
Power corrupts. Absolute power corrupts absolutely.
It wasn’t remotely cryptic, that’s literally what he said.
Lmao right? They're saying the quiet part out loud now and people are still unsure what their goals are.
This is the 2nd time he’s said exactly this. Vote in this election and you won’t ever again because P2025 will do away with elections.
3rd. The first time was on the campaign trail before he became president. He said he didn't know why everyone was fighting it, we were all gonna be republicans in the end anyway 🤮
I spent years looking for that recording and realized.....what does it even matter....
He sounds more and more unhinged.
If they have to choose between democracy and conservatism, they will abandon democracy before they abandon conservatism
"If conservatives become convinced that they can not win democratically, they will not abandon conservatism. They will reject democracy." -David Frum
This is ominous af
And MAGA cheers. For all their bluster about freedoms they want to make sure we don't have any.
Is thinking for yourself too hard? Well team trump has the answer to that.
I wonder how many Trump fans will go to this thinking that the movie is praising him, and having no idea the assault ever occurred until that scene plays.
That is a good take because it will probably been spun around to make it seem like he plays 3D chess and is truly not a grifter. Emperor wears no clothes type of story.
So...we probably need to talk again about how Trump supporters do not typically have a sense of what is actually right vs wrong. They'll only get upset if that scene makes them look bad, not because it was an awful thing to do.
They have run out of ways to spin the narrative on his crimes so now they just embrace them and are cool with it. My neighbor just put up a sign that says "I'm voting for the convicted felon".
The best part is it was funded by Dan Snyder, former owner of the Washington football team.
He thought it was a Pro Trump movie until he saw the premier. Hahahaha. Fuck that guy.
You guys, plenty of trump supporters believe assaulting your wife is blessed by god. This, like every other horrible thing he has done, will not matter to them at all. They simply do not care who he is, only what he tells them he will do for them.
Exactly. It will embolden them.
October 11th is the answer.
I wonder if Trump will go see it with his girlfriend.
I think maybe the Trump campaigners who are threatening legal action need to go revisit the details of Citizen's United.
This, of course resulted in the infamous decision that corporations were people and money was speech, giving us the mess we're currently in.
"House Speaker Jason Stephens, R-Kitts Hill, said Tuesday night that the Legislature should reallocate tax revenue from the adult-use program to invest more in jail construction and law enforcement training."
So doubling down on the drug war against the will of your constituents...sounds about right...
I can't even with their abortion bullshit quotes either ...
Some of these people should be called dumb fucks to their face. You think police need more training in marijuana? Motherfucker, most of them have already done it before. It's not like it's hard to sniff it out, literally. I worked in law enforcement and marijuana calls were a complete time waster, because the only thing in danger was your Funyun supply, not actual people.
And I'm sure they'd want the state to fund construction of a prison just to pay a republican prison management company to run the thing terribly. The prison system is an abomination, and while prisons should be safe, that money should be going toward building schools instead so maybe we can keep people out of prison.
These guys are such fuckin' ghouls.
Republican leaders: We're here to represent the will of our people
The People: We want to legalize marijuana and women want healthcare rights.
Republican Leaders: Naaaahhhh, we meant we want to represent OUR will. Who cares what the people who live here think.
The entire Republican agenda actually makes complete sense when you realize they operate under just two simple premises.
Go ahead, test it out.
Well Ohio, the answer is so obvious.
Yup... VOTE. THEM. OUT. OF. OFFICE!
It's ok you can say the word Fascism.
The Republican Party can only be sustained through authoritarianism.
They've got the South Dakota model to pull from, after all.
Gosh, let's see, what could they do to ensure Republicans stop working to undo the will of the people?
Yeah, Wikipedia is the closest thing I have found to a truth machine so I am not surprised Elon doesn't like it.
Y'all are overcomplicating it. He probably just doesn't like the Wikipedia article about him and since he can't change it to his liking he wants to burn down the whole thing
It's an information source that he can't subvert. He's so salty over the fact that his trans kid hates him he's lashing out at everything that doesn't openly push his extreme right-wing worldview.
If he'd spent the $42b on a therapist instead of Twitter, he'd have figured out by now that his kids hate him because he's an asshole, not because of "liberal indoctrination".
I doubt their trans kid is the only one that hates him, too. At least, they probably won't be the last one to grow to hate him.
Imagine how sad it is if this is true. Being consumed by denial and self-loathing that you rather inflict misery on others than make terms with your own child. As a father, this is so heart-breaking I really hope it is not true.
Musk opposes truth and facts, it's really that simple and is demonstrated in how he runs Twitter and in his Tweets
This is why his desire to build AI is so disturbing. He saw what exists now and thought the problem was that it doesn't say enough pro-nazi shit so has decided to go all in on building an AI that doesn't have "the woke mind virus".
Don’t forget to donate $3-5 next time Wikipedia asks. Stick it right in Elon’s eye.
He prefers to not be fact checked.
Musk in a pathetic insecure manlet who can’t handle reality not bending to his will.
Such a weird creepy old traitor
The man would shoot himself in the foot to get a headline and another minute of news time. He’s a lost attention whore who can’t stop himself.
He can't believe he didn't get more mileage out of that volunteer firefighter getting killed.
At this point he's going against his team and just saying anything to stay in headlines. And it works, the fact that this is going to be even close is going to require some major social investment.
The GOP needs to be best by enough of a margin to send it back to it's room to think about it's behavior before it can come out and play Society again. Am parent.
This is some hair-splitting BS. Are the MAGAs wanting to interpret “preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution” to not include “support”?
Is there some double-speak nuance they want to invoke?
This should be disqualifying on its own. Besides you know gestures at the other piles of crimes and behaviors
The US President oath of office:
It’s stunning that this imbecile has any support at all. He has repeatedly violated his oath - to which he is still bound, and now seems to deny having made it.
He tells it like it isn’t?
Good lawyers can come up with really creative and viable arguments in support of their clients' positions. Great lawyers say no to these kinds of clients.
Is there anything he can say that would turn away support from his base at this point ? I don't believe so
NYT, I'm looking at you. Where are the 20 plus articles on Trumps obvious mental decline?
NYT’s major shareholders are BlackRock and Vanguard.
The NYT has been in the bag for Trump since 2016. They are no longer a bastion of progressiveness or whatever the GOPers might call it. NYT is nothing more than a GOP lapdog.
6 of 10 Republicans think Trump's age is a non issue.
The other 4 would vote in zombie Hitler if it got them power
Republicans do not care about competency. If they did, half the elected republicans in office would have never been elected.
It was never about Biden's age. There was no good faith argument. This was part of the "Spaghetti attack" - throw everything at the wall and see what sticks. The intent was to sow just a seed of doubt and try to wedge that into an issue. Alternatively, it was a 'Gish Gallop' - throw a bunch of garbage in the hopes their target would be bogged down addressing things that had already been addressed. Actual facts never mattered.
Slander boldly, something always sticks [Audacter calumniare, semper aliquid haeret] Francis Bacon 1600
Was Biden too old to be president? Absolutely. He also had vast experience and institutional knowledge and was...well..an institution. By that I mean a vote for Biden would have been a vote for the very effective team around him, Harris included.
The same people who complained about Obama's golf time but had nothing to say when Trump golfed 4x as much.
"That's a good speech."
"It was going to be better."
"How's that?"
"We were going to cure cancer."
IIRC
Sam Seaborne, 100,000 Airplanes.
My very first thought - satisfied.
No duh, they don't want to fund their own destruction. (They are the cancer)
Republicans are why we can’t have nice things in this country.
They have become the party of the crazy and the lazy... bent on blaming others for their poor decisions only to put their party before people and our cou try.
How anyone who isn't a millionaire votes for that bag of wet cats is beyond me
You leave WAP out of this
Oncologist: "That program you voted against?"
Republican: "Yeah?"
Oncologist: "You could have used it."
GOP - the "right to life" party that DOESN'T want to cure Cancer? (but if tRUMP wants to do it if he's in office?...SURE!)
Pretty sick stuff…republicans will never cease to amaze me on how disgusting they have been
Mockery kills fascism, it always has. A pile of fucking weird dorks, all of them.
Mel Brooks made a career out of mocking Nazis, ain't it great!
Add in a supercut of the Jan 6 insurrection with all the nutjobs with confederate flags and QAnon shaman and it should be clear.
Come to think of it, how come I can’t search supercut of Jan 6 insurrection and find all the weirdos? I can find full length footage but cmon, there needs to be the 10sec, 30sec and 3 min versions running 24 -7 in swing states.
"Ridicule is the only weapon which can be used against unintelligible propositions."
Thomas Jefferson
It's odd that conservatives seem to have no issues supporting and voting for a: draft dodging, rapist, pedophile, Peeping Tom, someone who wants to fuck their daughter, someone who sexualized his own infant daughter, a grifter, someone who steals money from kids with cancer, a serial adulter, a traitor, failed businessman, want to be dictator, narcissist, two faced, 1% elitist, incontinent, drug addicted, dementia ridden, racist, convicted felon, literal definition of the anti- christ according to the Bible, with the vocabulary skills of a 3rd grade bully...but draw the line and get upset at him being called weird.
Add “pants-pooping” to the list
“the back-and-forth, particularly between the presidential candidates, reminds us that Harris "is a prosecutor and Donald Trump doesn't do well with prosecutors." 
Donald Trump also doesn't do well with smart, tough women.
Once they realize that it’s okay to be different, they will start becoming Democrats.
One reason that "weird" "works" is that Conservatives, by definition, identify with established tradition, which they prefer to think of as standard and foundational, the textbook opposite of "weird" or different. Thus, "weird" is an accusation they can neither "embrace," nor dismiss as silly and irrelevant.
For instance, some of the 34-time convicted felon's followers wear diapers outside of their clothes. The diapers are printed with Trump's face and the slogan "real men wear diapers." They embrace Trump's incontinence, and, why not? what does that medical condition or whatever have to do with anything of political importance? In response to the accusation that Trumpers are a "cult," they buy and display more cult merchandise.
They can even "embrace" and double down on legitimate criticisms, too, such as the "Drill Baby, Drill" reaction to Progressive environmental concerns. The deliberately misnamed "Right To Work Movement," support for a stronger Police state, banning books, antivax misinformation, voter suppression, denial of reproductive rights, open hatred of minorities, and wanting Israel "to finish the job," are other examples of reactions to legitimate criticism or Progressive ideas.
In sum, anything people make fun of Trump himself for, the Conservatives can dismiss as an ad hominem or even mimic to mitigate the mockery. Any criticism of Conservative politics fuels the Conservative desire to double down on dogma.
However, "weird" is something traditionalists will never pretend that they are or could be. Their "freak flag" is a flag they will never fly freely. "Look at me, i'm different!" is never something Conservatives claim; indeed, tradition depends on the "majority" (even if it is statistically not a majority) being part of the "in group," never changing to accommodate alternative - "weird" - ideas.
I’ve seen him smirk a few times and sort of chuckle, but I’ve never seen him actually laugh. The fact that they made fun of Harris for actually laughing at things is more telling about Trump than Harris.
He does forced smiles sometimes. But it's like he's a alien lizard person - no emotion behind the eyes when he does it. Nothing genuine.
It's usually when he thinks he's bashing someone, too.
Donny is old and so very weird.
He also never tells a joke that isn’t really just saying something bad and calling it a joke. Doesn’t have the emotional capacity for humor. Think about that. No pets, either.
I’ve seen two images of Trump looking like he was enjoying himself.
When Kid Rock was name checking him at the RNC and when he was at a party with Jeffrey Epstein
His not laughing and not having pets are my two biggest red flags that he might actually be a psychopath.
Also that he's a child rapist and a murderer, those are in my top 5 red flags
I like Presidents who are capable of laughter
He doesn’t have a sense of humour because he’s a weirdo malignant narcissist!
Just think, for $27000 you too could own your very own senator.
That’s surprisingly affordable. Now if I wasn’t busy paying off these darn student loans.
Just a reminder that Sinema managed to go from a net worth of $32k before the Senate to $11 million now on an annual salary of $174k.
I’m in the wrong business. And she’s not unique.
is that how much their votes cost?
Most of them are surprisingly cheap, but I feel like this is only the visible money.
If "corporations are people" is this not a bribe?
Completely legal per US law. Can’t infringe on the industry’s 1st Amendment right to free expression after all.
They sure set themselves up nicely. All the free speech money can buy, and for the most part, little or nothing consequences for anything bad that they do.
Sold out the country for $27k
Always has been 🔫🧑‍🚀
came here to say this, so pleased its already top comment
The Gaza protesters are trying to get Trump back in. It’s 2016 all over again. Think of how many women will die from an abortion ban, how many children will die in school shootings, think of the 13 million people who will be rounded up and deported, think of giant tax cuts for billionaires, think of the end of social security and Medicare, think of almost all college closed, think of K-12 schools being maga indoctrination centers, think of Gaza and the West Bank annexed to Israel and all Palestinians eliminated, think of only Fox News being the only media source allowed, think of Trump as president for life and no more elections. I guess those that don’t vote for Harris are ok with all that.
100%. I bet Israel is fucking with them just to influence the election.
Even simpler: think of how Palestine will be treated by Trump. Period. Dont let perfect be enemy of improvement. Don't be the "they didn't have the soda I wanted so I'm drinking bleach" people
It's most likely a false flag operation. Anyone with half a brain knows that things will be a million times worse for Gaza and the rest of the convicted felon wins the election. Stupid is reserved for MAGA
::shocked pikachu face::..
Ok.
… but I repeat myself.
How come red baiting isn’t a thing? This indifference to Russian interference in our daily lives is maddening to me
By not being a miserable, racist, prejudice, homophobic piece of shit, and showing compassion for his fellow humans.
That goes completely against all Republican policy.
But my religious freedumbs!!
Please explain to me what me knowing how to hunt and fish, enjoy crafting with wood or metal mediums, and gun ownership can only mean I am a republican.
45 years old and I am still hearing that me being a Democrat means I can not possibly be pro 2A, or own and use power tools. Or (clutches pearls) served in the military.
It is almost like humans are not black and white but shades of grey.
And even of I believe my daughter should have sovereignty of her own body does not automatically mean I am unable to have skills that only "manly men" that vote R can possibly have.
It's more that people don't seem to realize that Nick Offerman is a ballet dancer and an actor by trade, not a carpenter who got typecast into a show. He's a performer, not literally Ron Swanson. The man is both the epitome of a man's man and someone with a resume that makes you think he spends his free time at the all-male revue. He's progressive by his very nature, and that throws people off.
Or that liberals can’t be Christians. It’s so weird. Like do they really think Jesus was a conservative?
I had a similar experience. My siblings FIL is a Trump supporter. We went for a bachelor party in the woods camping. I enjoy shooting guns, drinking cheap whiskey, smoke cigarettes and planned on staying in the woods camping an extra after the party.
The FIL by the end of the day said it’s nice to have a young Trump supporter up there. I never once said my political views. He just assumed I was since I enjoyed the outdoors, guns, and camping. He was blown away that a liberal person can enjoy those things. Shows how much he lives in his own bubble.
By playing a hardline libertarian on an extremely popular sitcom, while being an actor people know literally nothing about
He loves telling stories about all the people that assume he's just like his P&R character.
I saw him perform live years ago, around 2018 I think. It was amazing. One point of that tour seemed to be him proving to people that he's not Ron Swanson. He even sang a song called "I'm not Ron Swanson." People were getting mad and walking out. One man called him a "Socialist Illuminati Pig" before being escorted out by security. Definitely one of the best shows I've ever been to 😂
I know a guy who’s way into camping and had tattoo sleeves and a bushy beard for decades. He totally resents that right wing nut jobs co-opted his style.
The FEC should seriously look at Fox News as an unofficial, but actual, arm of the Trump campaign. They are just about all Trump, all of the time, and just as negative as Trump. The Trump campaign literally gets multi million dollars of free and unaccounted campaign support from Fox. They repeat virtually every lie that he tells, ad nauseum. They attack who he attacks. Trump should be forced to pay for this free campaign asset.
they should also be looking at Twitter, the South African Nazi that owns it has been using it to campaign for the fascist GOP and the convicted felon and rapist who leads the party
Don't stop there either. Look at the judges acting as personal lawyers, all the way up to the Supreme Court.
Just reinstate THE FAIRNESS DOCTRINE - those bastards will be gone in a flash!
This is the massive advantage Rs have over Dems. This would be a huge messaging fuckup on any pol regardless of party but we repeatedly see Fox grab an out of context something, lead every hour with it for a few days and before you know it CNN/MSNBC/etc "liberal media" is talking about it because "everyone is talking about it".
The 'liberal media' report on something and then its reported on. There is not messaging driver that says 'get this on air 100 times over the next x days'. They point at the story they ran and its over. The people have been informed and its off to the next shiny thing to talk about. Meanwhile Fox has no obligation to report on it at all and with their audience now convinced FOX is the liberal network in the ecosystem and the others are straight up leftist commie run even if they happen to run upon it they won't believe it.
Fox News is probably the #1 contributor of evil that has led us to where we are now. Murdoch belongs in Hell.
And they never will. Fucking traitorous shits
My wife has the FOX "News" garbage channel on all the time, they never say anything bad about Trump, only show the rare times he says something coherent and usually refer to him as president Trump. Mostly they just blame Biden for all the worlds problems. I wish I could get her to watch something else.
Fuckers.
They weren't insulted. He just made it clear they aren't as important as his rich friends.
"Could I be the problem?" Musk asks himself.
"No. I'm brilliant. Everyone else is wrong."
Skinner!
Run back to the office and find an underling who will tell you you’re awesome. Promote underling. Stop communicating with anyone else.
I know Musk is a “polarizing figure” to put it mildly but there’s something I wish his fans would understand: why would anyone be excited to watch the world’s richest man, who has absolutely zero charisma or stage presence, be brought out in front of them at a show where they paid good money to be entertained? Is his wealth a draw in and of itself to the point that the public should enjoy his mere presence? I think Chappelle invited him knowing that at least half the crowd knew what an unlikable piece of shit this dude. But that isn’t the kind of controversy that stirs meaningful discussion. That’s just being in the thrall of an edgy weirdo who only has any pull because of economic power. Which is gross.
Definitely Chapelle is a troll instigator and we who have watched his stand up and specials etc just kept up with him know he can totally railroad someone for fun.
I'm pointing this out because the reaction from Chapelle seemed staged as well like he was definitely expecting negative results almost like a chemist doing research in a lab. You can see it as one of Chapelles Show characters where he is a mad scientist with the cliché head band and white lab coat etc just starts mixing bad hosts with worst crowds to see what concoction he can come up with next!
I don't feel bad for Elon Musk in any way, he deserves to be booed off every stage and even booed at his funeral where Lego Engineers would have constructed the most mathematically perfect coffin ever for him.
I 100% think Musk is a flaming asshole. I also think that he has serious mental health issues and that scares the shit out of me.
Good. Fuck him
Fun to remember the only reason he owns is is because a court made him. And then it broke him.
So, The Heritage Foundation is the deep state we keep getting warned about…
Has been since Reagan 
All he has to do is sign. Not even read them.
I was elected to lead, not read!
If he can read he does not.
I thought these people were against non-elected bureaucrats
No, no. They’re against non-elected bureaucrats who aren’t them.
https://www.propublica.org/article/inside-ziklag-secret-christian-charity-2024-election
So, wait, what exactly is the "deep state" again?
In other words Trump will just be a figure head and this guy, who no one will have voted for, will really be calling the shots, a shadow government, a deep state if you will.
Thank you for restoring some faith in the American justice system!
Throw his traitorous ass in jail and I'll join the celebration. Until then, it's quite the dog and pony show.
I know we are all still in deep trouble, and that the slog to beat TFG isn't over, I'm going to enjoy this moment. FUCK. YES.
If he sees the inside of a prison cell, his veneer of invulnerability will crack, and many of the sharks that aligned themselves with him opportunistically will smell blood in the water and turn on him. Maybe. A guy can dream.
Yahoo!!
Put him in an orange jumpsuit now!!!
Now let’s see if the judge has the courage to do what’s needed.
Now to keep him and his crew from taking power again. We still need to show up this fall! And don't just vote - get others to do the same. r/VoteDEM can get you set up to help.
Let’s fucking GOOOOOO
Fuck him.
Fuck Donald Trump!
oooh, you're expecting empathy from the party of "fuck you I got mine". That's your problem.
Alex Acosta as Secretary of Labor had preview of sexual and human trafficking investigations
It looks like OP posted some AMP links. These should load faster, but AMP is controversial because of concerns over privacy and the Open Web.
Maybe check out the canonical pages instead:
I'm a bot | Why & About | Summon: u/AmputatorBot
Did Melania get her genius visa through Epstein?
MAGAs will vote for him no matter what....there is literally not one thing he could do that turn them away at this point.
Most other Republicans who aren't MAGAs per se, will still vote for him simply because he has an R next to his name on the ballot.
The convicted felon and rapist literally bragged about going into the dressing room of underaged girls so he could oogle their naked bodies
Then a court found him guilty of sexual assault in a dressing room.
Plus, he's already a convicted felon and has further charges pending! Just remember his philosophy regarding how to approach women when speaking to a female supporter. Help them understand the context of it, too.
Yes, everyone knows. Half the population chooses not to care or refuses to believe it.
It is known
It's probably because he has Russians making his ads and videos.
There is almost literally no other reason one would think of Georgia the country over Georgia the state. Maybe elsewhere in Europe as well but no one is accusing anyone of having illegal Catalonian or Swiss assistance in their campaigning.
This is a second-hand article which took the story from Raw Story who took it from The Atlanta Journal Constitution.
This is the picture used.
Thanks! Sorry for not going to the original source.
I live in Georgia.
After seeing the photo that was used, I can 100% confirm that the advertisement was not run by anyone who lives in the state of Georgia.
Because our mountains most definitely do not look like that.
That is what happens when Russia helps with your campaign.
Real four seasons landscaping vibes here
Some morons did this on Jan 6th too, proudly flying their Georgia flag
Someone in his camp MUST be trolling him because the gaffs lately are next level shenanigans. I'm convinced that his inner circle is trying to make him lose.
When someone tells you who they are…believe them.
Alex Jones’ account reactivation is just the most recent in a LONG list of questionable decisions from the Xitter brand. If you’re still in Xitter, at this point, you’re complicit in the shitshow.
I signed up to Twitter early on to see what the fuss was about. Used it for maybe a week. Logged out and never logged back in. I don't want my username used so I did not delete my account.
Not a coincidence. A slap in the face to the victims and their families.
Twitter is a Nazi hangout.
The business is collapsing with the major advertiser pullouts and he’s throwing shit at the wall because he’s incompetent and egomaniacal. I am fairly certain that in 2-3 more years X will be a far more marginal part of the media ecosystem than it is now
Delete Twitter
What a dickhead.
That should entice advertisers to come back. What a fucking moron.
Muskrat does anything he can for attention.
It’s weird that his commitment to free speech seems super targeted to mainly the most reprehensible speech.
Watergate10,000
The biggest water gate you have ever seen. A beautiful watergate.
It kind of is, just unlike the Watergate era, we now have a propaganda empire that fights for the frauds.
We have Fox News and the conservative media empire BECAUSE of Watergate. They were created to prevent republicans from being held accountable.
So much bigger than Watergate too. He literally tried to steal the presidency by overthrowing the government.
I honestly can’t believe that the United States is letting this guy run for president much less not putting him and all of his accomplices’ asses in gitmo already. I know the wheels of justice roll slow, but goddamn, they need to pick up the pace.
Way too many ignorant people believe this guy’s lies in this country and especially in the swing states. If he were to win, it really would be game over for the US as we’ve known it since its inception, and almost every human and civil right we’ve had to fight for would be gone practically overnight.
I really wish that was hyperbole, but I honestly believe it’s not.
This is why everyone needs to VOTE!!
We didn't have paywalls in the 70's when Nixon made the news. Now the only free news is what the billionaires or Russian trolls want you to read.
I've been calling the reign of error "Unhinged Floodgate" for years now.
Jack Smith is a National Hero and true American !!!! God bless his soul !!!!!
I remember the Watergate hearings, I was in high school. They were on tv all day, every day, and all three channels. The newspaper printed the hearings word for word, every week day. The papers were thicker than the phone book. I had to make several trips on my paper route. I grew up in Amarillo Texas, a very conservative area. It seemed pretty divided on support for Nixon though. And it wasn't long until Reagan brought all the Republicans back together. If they had known that Reagan's henchmen had conspired with the Iranian mullahs to keep the hostages I don't think that it would have made much difference.
People need to start taking this deadly seriously. There is a coup in progress. The Supreme Court has reversed the intent of the constitution and opened the door to unbridled corruption and the end of representative government in the United States.
All the terrible things he’s done matter. He’s just not being held accountable.
What if, and I'm just spit-balling here, he were treated like a human being and got in trouble when he broke the darn law.
Isn’t a condition of his probation that he not commit crimes while on probation?
Typically yes.
I mean, isn't a condition of not being in jail obeying the law?
He knows it doesn't apply to him.
It matters because the rules are supposed to apply to everyone. It’s that simple. He doesn’t think any laws apply to him. Someone should press charges.
It only matters if he’s held to account for it.
For a time in my Army service I was in the Old Guard which is the honor guard unit tasked with performing funerals at ANC amongst other things and I cannot express enough how much it matters. You don't fuck around at Arlington.
He’s like the arsonist that goes back to admire his work. In this case he is the one who set the 5000 Taliban free and then put a timeline on when to leave the country and then didn’t prepare for it. The death and destruction he caused he is now back to inspect the suckers and losers he despises.
TIL  more about this 'thumbs up' ..Grazie! https://imgur.com/gallery/mpoKxjk
https://www.demos.org/policy-briefs/10-ways-citizens-united-endangers-democracy
https://thehill.com/business-a-lobbying/business-a-lobbying/478852-citizens-united-decision-weathers-10-years-of/amp/
https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2019/12/citizens-united-devastating-impact-american-politics.htmlhttps://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2020/01/20/citizens-united-money-talks-on-guns-climate-drug-prices-column/4509987002/
https://scholarship.kentlaw.iit.edu/cklawreview/vol93/iss2/10/
https://www.citizen.org/article/ten-years-after-citizens-united/https://endcitizensunited.org
What else do you want people to say? People have been saying it’s a problem from day one.
The rich ruling over the poor isn’t a breaking development in human history. This is just a different version of the same old same old…
Because it benefits corporate America in the extreme. Corporate America owns American news media
I talk about it all the damn time. Nobody’s listening and nobody seems to really know. Most are too busy surviving to pay attention. However if we all claim to be corporations then what? I’m file my taxes as a corporation and pay zero this year. Howbouda?
I do, all the time. I’ll never forget how we FINALLY had campaign finance reform and shortly after Citizens United was passed and it was moot
While I am not suggesting Biden be replaced as the Democratic candidate for president in 2024, if for some as yet unknown reason that becomes a thing, Sheldon Whitehouse should be at the top of the list for candidates.
Because the wealthy and powerful don't want us to talk about it. It's an old school tactic you convince one section of the population that "others" are out to get them then you take people's rights. The bigots are focused on getting rid of the others, while everyone else is focused on fighting the bigots. The powerful can do what they want behind the scenes.
you can't just ignore the fight either because as soon as you do that and they eliminate one group they target another. They will make up someone to target if they have to, because the process of targeting a group is the point.
But seriously, every time you hear someone say the way to fix this with age limits or term limits. Remember citizens united is the real problem.
Thanks Scalia.
Nobody is talking about it? Ffs I've been talking about it the moment Obama won. I haven't stopped talking about it ever since it was clear that it would be abused by certain parties that decided to game the political system with SuperPACs
I guess I'm a nobody then. And all these newsletters from endcitizensunited.org has no traction in politics.
Because we feel helpless. It's a supreme court decision that the constitution protects companies
We talk about it all the time. Does not mean that something is going to change.
NYT has been doing Trump’s bidding since he bullied them all those years ago.
Who are they even appealing to? The right already hates them and now the left does too.
At this point it looks like they're just trying to destroy it.
Should it be noted that their refusal to do this seems to correlate to their minimal ability to criticize Israel? Thankfully NYT is not the only news so you can get that from ABC, CBS, PBS, NPR, AP NEWS, or Reuters. Stay informed, folks. And remember, As much as you don't think Biden has done enough, letting Trump get another term will allow the total holocaust of the gazans.
Noticed this over the last year or so…nice to see it’s not just me and I’m not crazy. They’ve absolutely veered right
Because he's ALWAYS been an idiot.
Stop giving him an out. Put him in prison.
Owner of the paper is a tRump donater, and supporter. Says enough.
What a great idea. I'm in Ohio, but have a little time to file a rew dozen reports
Based on the many posts I've seen on reddit 4,000 will become the tip of the iceberg.
edit: Utah Republican tasked with enforcing the states new transgender bathroom law complains his office has been trampled by over 10,000 hoax complaints
Just FYI, it’s only for government buildings. So unless you put in government addresses they’ll just throw them out.
From the huge drop-down list of locations, can anyone recommend the juiciest/most ironic choice?
I don't want to burden some nature preserve, secular school, or helpful community center with nonsense.
“I saw a woman in the bathroom who looked like they had more masculine features than a real woman could possibly have because women must conform to a narrow set of physical and behaviour standards in order to pass and therefore I definitely saw a trans woman”
Read any gender critical’s story about how the clocked a trans woman “out in the wild” and most are just variations of them assuming a woman is trans because “they can always tell”
bingo. this is what’s really insidious about trans-exclusionary politics, the criteria for what defines a woman is so narrow specifically because their idea of femininity is entirely based on the features of white women. pay close attention to what features terfs will describe as masculine or feminine, once you’ve seen how closely linked the anti trans crowd and the white supremacist crowd is you can’t unsee it
“I asked her for her name and “she” said it was Chris”.
Or
Terry
Kelly
Sandy
Pat
Taylor
Billy
Jordan
Etc…
Do Mormon Temples in SLC count as government buildings?
only unofficially.
I’m pretty sure you could accuse every male member of their legislature of using the men’s bathroom without having a dick.
Guess who the 5% are that wouldn't see increases?
Oh! Oh! I know! The rich!
The MAGAs will clap and yell in glee. You know, how they constantly undermine their own best interests.
Is this real life?
And his idiotic tariffs would be an effective increase of taxes to everyone - albeit the impact would be inversely proportional to one's income.
Don't forget he hated covid tests because he wanted to hide our covid numbers. His moronic excuse for not testing was “If you don’t test, you don’t have any cases”, lol.
“If we stopped testing right now, we’d have very few cases, if any.” -June 15, 2020
And let's not forget his other brilliant covid insights that helped him kill hundreds of thousands of Americans:
"by April or during the month of April, the heat, generally speaking, kills this kind of virus,"
"You know, a lot of people think that goes away in April with the heat — as the heat comes in. Typically, that will go away in April." -February 10, 2020
It’s going to disappear. One day — it’s like a miracle — it will disappear. And from our shores, we — you know, it could get worse before it gets better. It could maybe go away. We’ll see what happens. Nobody really knows." -February 27, 2020
"We’re prepared, and we’re doing a great job with it. And it will go away. Just stay calm. It will go away." -March 10, 2020
"Stay calm. It will go away. You know it — you know it is going away, and it will go away. And we’re going to have a great victory." -March 30, 2020
"It’s going to go away, hopefully at the end of the month. And, if not, hopefully it will be soon after that." -March 31, 2020
"It is going to go away. It is going away." -April 3, 2020
"It did go — it will go away." -April 7, 2020
"It’s going to go. It’s going to leave. It’s going to be gone. It’s going to be eradicated. And it might take longer. It might be in smaller sections. It’ll be — it won’t be what we had. And we also learned a lot." -April 29, 2020
"And I think we are going to be very good with the coronavirus. I think that, at some point, that’s going to sort of just disappear, I hope." -July 1, 2020
"I’ll be right eventually. I will be right eventually. You know I said, ‘It’s going to disappear.’ I’ll say it again. It’s going to disappear, and I’ll be right." -July 19, 2020
"We’re gonna beat it, yeah. We’re going to beat it. And with time, you’re going to be it — time. You know, I say, it’s going to disappear. And they say, ‘Oh, that’s terrible.’ He said — well, it’s true. I mean, it’s going to disappear. Before it disappears, I think we can knock it out before it disappears." -July 22, 2020
°This thing’s going away. It will go away like things go away." -August 5, 2020
"And frankly, you know, we’ve had a tremendous — a tremendous market, you and I have talked about that, the stock market. Think of it, we’re almost back to where we were, and we’re still in the pandemic, which will be going away, as I say, it’ll be going away. And they scream, how you can you say that? I said, because it’s gonna be going away." -August 13, 2020
"…And the China Plague will fade." -August 17, 2020
"And as soon as the plague is gone — we have vaccines coming, we have therapeutics coming, and it’s going to be gone. And it’s gonna be gone soon." -August 17, 2020
"Well, once you get to a certain number — you know, we use the word herd, right. Once you get to a certain number, it’s going to go away." -August 31, 2020
"It is gonna disappear. It’s gonna disappear. I still say it." -September 15, 2020
"The vaccine will end the pandemic. But it’s ending anyway. I mean, they go crazy when I say it. It’s going to peter out and it’s going to end. But we’re going to help the end and we’re gonna make it a lot faster with the vaccine and with the therapeutics and frankly with the cures." -October 15, 2020
"Even without the vaccine, the pandemic’s going to end. It’s gonna run its course. It’s gonna end. They’ll go crazy. He said ‘without the vaccine’ — watch, it’ll be a headline tomorrow. These people are crazy. No, it’s running its course." -October 16, 2020
This was all four years ago. Are we better off? Yes and no. We're not in an active pandemic, but Covid is now endemic, like the flu. There was a chance we could have overcome it with herd immunity, but Trump and the MAGA base doomed that effort. 50,000 people will die from Covid this year.
Are these all real???
Treason
This should be a much bigger deal to people.
In lieu of WAPO and others not being able to confirm the source Woodward had...
The Kremlin has now confirmed this: https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-10-09/kremlin-confirms-trump-sent-putin-covid-tests-while-president
** WHY ** would the Kremlin confirm that Trump sent tests to Putin?
Probably because it was easily proven and to send a message
“Before we get going, are there any Moms for Liberty in the house?” Burton asked, while the New York audience laughed. “Moms for Liberty? No? Good. Then hands will not need to be thrown tonight.”
I don't know what throwing shade means, and now I'm afraid to ask.
Every conservative outlet:
"LeVar Burton tHrEaTeNs vIoLeNcE against those poor moms who just want liberty!" clutches pearls
No no, it would be “PROMINENT BLACK MAN”
The man is a national treasure. I loved reading rainbow when I was growing up. His enthusiasm for everything under the sun was infectious. I KNEW he’d despise Moms for Liberty
I love his podcast LeVar Burton Reads
Levar Burton is up there with Dolly Parton, Weird Al Yankovic, Tom Hanks, Betty White, Dave Grohl, Fred Rogers and Keanu Reeves as a just impressively awesome human being.
None of the “moms” strike me as readers… they probably don’t know who Lavar is
Levar is from my hometown and we love him.
