Lets hope that voters aren't that incredibly stupid. If they are the USA is officially over.
They are. I’m quite worried. I can’t do a second term of Trump
If there's one thing I've learned about voters, it's that they can always surprise you with just how incredibly stupid they can be.
I have a hard time understanding how someone’s conscience could allow them to permit Trump to win this election.
The only people saying this are those with the privilege to throw away their vote and won’t be affected by the consequences. If they are, I’m sure mommy and daddy will be there to rescue them. I am voting for my daughter’s rights to be protected and to protect the most vulnerable in this country like my elderly parents and POC like me. Our choices will shape the Supreme Court and therefore generations to come.
You can be critical of the situation now and still vote for him. In all honesty, there is no good decision here and he will get skewered either way. Bottom line is if you are critical of Bidens handling, Trump will let Netanyahu do what ever he wants.
Ohhh no no no. Trump will put boots on the ground. Over there AND HERE. He has said so.
People think they are punishing Biden by not voting for him. It's called cutting off one's nose to spite one's face.✂️👃💡 SMH
Yeah, because Trump has such a great track record to care about people like us peasants. 🤬 Good Lawd, I am just shaking my head and want to scream. When is this frigging nightmare going to be over and done?



If he does that interview, our enemies could learn his concepts of plans. Think people. He's protectin US.
A healthcare plan so powerful that if China got a hold of it they would have a total population at perfect health at almost no cost, including an army of perfectly healthy super soldiers, all at peak physical condition. It must not fall into the wrong hands.
There's never been concepts as beautiful as the ones in his head. Concepts so beautiful, the likes of which the world has never seen before.
Coward. Putin must be having a good chuckle about this one.
He thinks if he keeps hiding?
No one will notice
He’s a fucking coward! She needs to debate on CNN with an empty podium representing the fucking coward! CBS needs to project his cowardice to the American people! Did I mention he’s a fucking coward?!?!?
He’s not a coward!! He has bone spurs!! They hurtses it!
There’s no upside for him to accept a debate. The best part is the Harris campaign can keep calling him a coward for it!



He did not send tests. He sent laboratory testing machines. At the time, many American hospitals did not have, and could not get them because of high demand. Many Americans died because of this. Edit: The machines were made by Abbott Laboratories.
Yes. Not sure why it was initially minimized to infer it was the swabs in the little boxes. No, he sent electronic equipment that was in very short supply in the US at the time.
He “re-allocated” ventilators from blue states. And sent them to Putin.
And the machines WERE FOR THE PERSONAL USE OF VLADIMIR PUTIN.
Not tests, but specialized equipment that were in high demand by hospitals. Get it right.
Article makes it sound like Trump mailed Putin some nose swabs.
This is the kinda thing that got me to think Putin had something on Trump. He had come out contradicting Trump's claim multiple times. Trump normally would instantly insult, call names, or threat whoever says anything not flattering, but he never acted out against Putin. He was afraid of Putin of something.
Uhoh. Does this mean the end of Trump’s usefulness to Putin?? Would be very bad for Trump if even old vlad has given up on him.
Like all dictators, putin likes seeing what he can get away with. He knows Shithead won't say a single word back, and Shithead's supporters will still vote for him.
The reporting on this has been terrible. Why do all the reports make it sound like it was Covid tests and not actual medical equipment.
When this first came out, before I had time to read past headlines. I was confused why some were calling Covid kits “Covid test machines”.



Thank you for this very important point. Polling shows that lots of people think it doesn't matter who wins office because nothing will change. The problem is not that the parties have the same values. The problem is that you MUST have a majority in the House and Senate in order to enact your agenda! The President can only do so much without majorities in the chambers of government where bills are actually crafted and voted into law.
As an aside, this reality makes it all the more incredible just how much Biden actually DID get accomplished with one term, given the state of the House/Senate during his term. No or narrow majorities, certainly not enough to ram bills through, and he still got more progressive legislation passed than any President in our lifetime. He deserves credit for that, not the collective shrug that voters seem to have given him.
Absolutely!
Also, everyone needs to understand that one election, even if Kamala Harris wins, is not enough. Everyone who supports a modern future with respect for civil rights has to vote in every election, local and national, for the rest of their lives.
If Democrats win this election, Republicans won't change and Republicans won't stop. The Party of Donald Trump will be with us for the rest of our lives.
Let’s also not forget… many of us wanted Joe Biden to increase the Supreme Court to 13, and he has the authority to do so… but he must have the votes in the Senate to be able to confirm new judges. Right now, he does… but,
Also don’t forget how the House members play games and with the GOP holding the majority, they will simply fight back and not introduce anything or vote with democrats on any legislation. This includes the budgets. They will literally hold him hostage if he increases the count to 13. This is probably the biggest reason he hasn’t done it.
You can bet Joe or Kamala will NEVER get one single vote from any republican ever if/when either of them decide to do this.
So this in itself, as important as it is could change this nation dramatically and it is a MUST have scenario in both the House and the Senate to have the votes and not be held back by republicans.
It is imperative that in November Kamala Harris overwhelmingly wins the presidency and democrats take strong solid majorities in both chambers of congress.
Gonna need filibuster reform too then
And Supreme Court reform, Gerrymandering reform... Also, might as well get rid of the electoral college while we're at it.
Yes, let's put an end to the clown show in the House
I’m trying….
Give her a Congress willing to work with her.



Trump is being normalized by Fox News. As long as he has his own propaganda network his followers will never see the real Donald.
I like the phrase “sane-washing.”
It’s an apt description of what the media (not just Fox News, but the other broadcast networks and newspapers as well) has been doing with Trump this entire time.
Rather than simply air Trump’s rambling, uncut and unfiltered, journalists have been attempting to “translate” what Trump “really meant” into English for the papers. The broadcast media will clip out the 15 seconds of clarity out of a 45-minute aimless rambling session, and air that one clip on repeat.
This has always been a grave error.
The media should have let him be crazy, then report the crazy, straight up, uncut, unfiltered.
He is rambling about Arnold Palmer’s penis and dancing around ( badly) on stage. Can you imagine any world leaders respecting him?
They dont care. Should have figured out the “But, Trump!” tactics don’t work and offer some appealing alternative.
I'm pretty everyone has at least one ignorant uncle and narcissistic aunt acts just like that. But under his tiny hands, that could be a natural disaster.

Rent free.
I'll make sure not to vote for Biden then 👍



Call your reps and tell them to say yes or they won’t get your vote next time they are up. (Even if they wouldn’t get your vote anyway in my case - I live in Kentucky)
They are supposed to represent us. We want this amendment.
A Constitutional amendment? Yeah, no, that would require a certain number of Republicans to pass and none of them will budge.
It's insane that this is even a discussion. In what world is the President of The United States of America not held accountable for their presidential actions under the law? Every American, let alone every republican, should be enraged at the thought.
Exactly! You're starting to get it.
Putting out a clear plan for these important issues allows Democrats running for office to consolidate behind specific messaging.
It pushes Republicans to take a stance for or against it.
This is how politics is supposed to work. Political parties putting out plans for specific, real issues. And then let the voters see how the two parties react.
As opposed to the Republican Party, who largely manufactures crises and problems. For example, the migrant crime, border apocalypse myth. Completely made up:
https://youtu.be/axsgzg3RyF0?si=GO1KcfXKJWOMW2Ib
It's his only option. He fully understands the competition in these proposals. He is putting the weight directly on the governoring body that is getting the most out of the current SCOTUS. Republicans block it, they own it.
This is part messaging document, and part setting an initial bargaining position.
This allows Harris and Democrats to run on a plan, without them actually having to commit to this directly which is helpful. And Americans across the country and across parties say that they want to see Supreme Court reform. We can start here and work towards something smaller. Incremental progress would be better than nothing. I think Republicans are probably tired of defending the indefensible behavior of Alito, Thomas and their wives. You could imagine bills or amendments being passed if the time when they went into effect was after all of the current terms were up or something. If you put something far enough out into the future it becomes so theoretical that which "side" it actually benefits is unknown.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/briefing-room/statements-releases/2024/07/29/fact-sheet-president-biden-announces-bold-plan-to-reform-the-supreme-court-and-ensure-no-president-is-above-the-law/
One more reason to vote blue,
It's a good plan, but unless there's a majority House and a majority (simple majority? 60 vote? 2/3 vote?) Senate plus President Harris (is there really any doubt?) it will not pass. Republicans ultimately want the whole government to be answerable to no one (with them in charge, obviously). They've already got SCOTUS answerable to no one. They're not going to give it up and if they can block it in any way, they will. And even if they do pass this bill or series of bills, can SCOTUS void them anyway?



I am very thankful for the changes Biden made to PSLF. Somewhere along the line before I knew about PSLF, we made a large payment towards my student loans based on a generous gift from a family member. I'm talking several years of full payments (i.e., not income based reduced payments). When I first applied for PSLF, that large payment counted as a single payment. Under Biden's changes, it counted as most of my 10 years of required payments. My student loans have now been forgiven, and it has been lifechanging.
I agree with the policy. If you work 10 years in a public service job you work at lower wages performing needed services.
The changes that Biden made to PSLF actually got 120 of my payments to count and got the remainder of my loans forgiven. I am forever grateful for that.
I have 10 more months!! I'm thrilled with the changes he made!
Independents: Who should I vote for?
But Biden is weak on the issues I care about. Like illegal immigrant transgender healthcare in prisons. 😂
Nothing he does matters unless they sell it, actions are not enough anymore. Sell sell sell.
I paid off my own loans with hard work and money I was able to save up while payments and interest were paused during the pandemic. It would have been life-changing for me to have them forgiven, but I still fully support this policy.
I would say if someone like you paid theirs off and had to pay more in interest (say total paid was 50k on a 35k loan) then you should be able to apply for a refund of that 15k difference. I think that would make a lot more people accept the forgiveness if that was an option
They listen to conservative media that pumps them full of hate. What do you expect? I'm not surprised by your encounter. It's only going to ramp up. Just wait until Trump loses in November. It's gonna get real ugly. They are going to go off.
That is the only way GOP acolytes try to win an argument or discussion, by screaming, swearing, calling names and obfuscation. Ask them about facts, "receipts" to their misinformation and to lower their voice to a civil discussion. They won't and can't because they repeat what they heard on Fox News with the same inflection and tone, no critical thinking skills at all. Plus, the GOP acolytes can't handle their alcohol.
I think they will just crawl back under their rocks. At the end of World War II in Germany, suddenly no one had been a Nazi suddenly, no one had known anything about the camps, suddenly people a mile down the road have not smelled a single crematorium burning. There were no Nazis left in Germany in 1945. Now, of course, that's bullshit. But no one was speaking. And I believe that is what will happen after Trump loses very bigly.
I'm a Californian who has traveled extensively, too. Strangers at bars/restaurants will strike up a conversation, peppering it with references to the boogeyman dujour (shoplifting, immigration, homelessness, paper straws...) and ask where I'm from. When I tell them I'm from California, they assume that because I'm white, I must live in terror of minorities or taxes or BLM or whatever. When I shrug and tell them that I love it, and that it's expensive because nice things are, they lose their minds.
It's wild because liberals never behave similarly. I've never seen a liberal nod to the TV in a bar and ask a stranger, 'This country is going to hell, amirite? The Supreme Court, the congress...they're ruining the country. By the way, where are you from? Oh, Florida? Your governor is a fascist. You don't support him, do you?'
I keep topics neutral and talk about parks or monuments in the person's state, maybe ask about a university or sports franchise nearby. Conservatives? They go right to their bugaboos every time.
This is why it is so hard for them to comprehend how Biden got any votes in 2020. Some of us are loud, some of us are activists, but the vast majority of us just want a government that works and is led by a reasonable, compassionate, and experienced individual. We're voting for president, not prom king. They don't get it.
Yeah I’m from Portland, and when we travel I just say I’m from Oregon because of the comments. It truly baffles me the nerve of random strangers. I don’t think Alabama is very nice or some small town with nothing to do, but if someone told me they were from there, I would smile and say oh cool!
Also disagree with the person below, I bartend and liberals just don’t talk with the disdain that conservatives do. At least not in person and to random strangers. I don’t get very many conservatives at the bar, but when I do, I know, because they insult me within five minutes of sitting down.
Conservatism is the political expression of being an asshole.
MAGAs can’t handle being outside their artificial bubble.
A few years back A wannabe jimmy buffett playing at a south carolina resort i was staying went on a hate filled speech aimed at California half-way through his performance. It was all about how he hated working in California because of the liberals and other groups that he implied weren't exactly American.
As a student of history, it had the feel of Germany during the years just before the nazis took over.
Not surprisingly, the crowd ate that shit up. I'm a resident of South Carolina (unfortunately) and a liberal and while no one knew that I didn't feel safe.
Feeling sick of everyone around me, I got the hell out of there.
There's a level of hate being bred in this country that will certainly lead to violence.
If I were from California, I'd remind them that Ronald Reagan was the governor there before becoming president.
My point is, these stupid maps saying 'oh, that's a blue state' or red state is nonsense. One party may only lead by a point or so. Meaning many millions are on the ideological other side.
Powerful people are trying to make us angry and separate us. We can't let that happen.



This needs to be front and center in the campaign.
Killing the Border bill showed that Republicans do not really care about the sh*t they sell to their voters but their cult will eat up all the lies anyway.
Oh VP, my VP!
YES!! This is exactly what the Dems need to be emphasizing.
I tried but the response I seemed to always get was "it doesn't go far enough". It'll never "go far enough" for them. They need these issues to campaign on because that's all they fucking have that isn't bullshit like Project 2025.
I hope this gets pounded out there over and over again. The Republicans are making immigration an issue, but they are the ones that voted against the bi-partisan border bill.
Keep it up Kelly !
Trump was supposed to be an outsider that was different from other politicians. He was going to talk less and work more. He ended up talking the most and working the least.
An outsider was supposed to be different and not lie like those other politicians. He has ended up lying more than any other politician.
Please be Vice President
I think astronauts make great VP's.
I believe a significant reason why we find ourselves at this point in our history is the fault of three men: Rush Limbaugh (rest in hell), Rupert Murdoch, and Roger Ailes (rest in hell). These three men pumped propaganda directly into the minds of low information voters for years, convincing them that anyone but the wealthy elite were responsible for their woes and encouraging them to vote FOR the 1% for decades, against their own interests.
People who have been consuming their garbage for years aren’t just poorly informed, they’re deliberately misinformed. It was a brilliant strategy by hard right theocratic conservatives, and it is still paying huge dividends to the wealthy elite, who now pay nearly nothing in taxes.
I'd add Sinclair Broadcasting to that list now.
Add Newt Gingrich to that list.
can’t forget about ronny reagan either, all the wealth inequality we deal with these days was exasperated by things he pushed into law when he was prezzy. fuck that dude i’m glad he’s dead
Misinformed? More like brainwashed. Those people consume far right propaganda 8, 10,12 hours a day. That's how you brainwash people. That's the way it's always been done. If Trump gets locked up, some of those people are going to lash out in unpredictable ways. His support is shrinking, though. I believe he might not even be on the ballot come November. He's a prime candidate for a massive heart attack.
Jerry Falwell kicked off that whole thing with the “Moral Majority”
I know man. I know. All I can say is that there are many of us who will NEVER go gentle into that shitty night. But I have to admit I am scared.
Doing what we can. I wish I could promise but sadly I can't.
Thanks for your support. I know many other countries feel this way. I personally feel that you could compare what’s happening to our government, with religious extremists starting to take over, as exactly what has happened in the Middle East. Religious extremists took over and look at what has happened. It’s all about control with both religions and 100% with women. It’s disgusting and no one wants to acknowledge it.
I fear for my daughters’ future.
Because we allowed Trump’s BS to become normal.
No longer click worthy in the eyes of advertisers.
There's no f'ing we here. This is corporate media and Russian troll farms coordinating this shit now to protect a rapist fraud insurrectionist named Trump.
It's the corpocracy vs the people and the corpocracy owns the media. Plain and simple.
When a Democrat does something wrong the left pull out the pitchforks to prove they're honest. (see the execution of senator Franken)
When a Republican does something wrong the right doubles down in their adoration. (Go back to Gordon Libby, Ollie North, Gen Flynn).
It's biological.
Dude SLEPT THROUGH HIS OWN TRIAL. But Biden is “sleepy joe”
Trump is 78. Biden is 81.
For all intents and purposes, they're the same age.
Don't let them forget it
I’ve wondered this, too. Why is the media ragging nonstop on biden but not on how much trump lied? And why isn’t the media talking nonstop about the threat project 2025 is to our democracy? If republicans win the presidency again, we are screwed!!! THAT is the news they should be broadcasting!!
To some degree, it's because they are panicking.
Much like the people on Reddit who are proclaiming that performing well in a debate is an essential ability for a president.
"Fear is the mind killer"
People need to stop panicking, and ask themselves the following question: Do you want Trump to take the oath of office if the Democrats lose the electoral college vote, but not the popular vote?
If the answer is no, giving Biden the personal mandate of having received the votes is your best option. For he will still be the sitting President of the United States, even though you live in a failed democracy.
And if your answer is yes, time for Trump to take the oath of office, then you clearly don't know what is at stake here. Not just for the country. But for the entire world.
It’s a news media picking your president for you. They don’t talk about his accomplishments and the fact that he has an exceptionally good administration. And vice president that’s totally capable. They didn’t talk about much about Donald Trump‘s lying constantly or his threats and how he’s caused people to get killed .not talk to much about his rape not talking about the fraud that he’s committed.
100%. This is why liberal/Democrat are going to have trouble winning this. If Biden wins and has to leave for medical reasons in 6 months time, I'm aware of that when I vote for the Biden-Harris ticket. I voted for her too.
https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/general-news/leslie-moonves-donald-trump-may-871464/amp/
This is why the media is complicit in the BS



You think he’ll be coherent in 2028?
He's not coherent now.
That doesn't seem like one of his criteria
This is his attempt to boost MAGA turnout. He sees it as a threat. He believes (probably correctly) that many Republicans are saddened by the idea of life without their dear leader - and will fight for the privilege of continuing to bask in his dim orange glow.
Although this time if he loses he may be forced to 'go away' involuntarily as a result of his legal problems. (Or, alternatively, may flee to Russia).
What I'm worried about is that he'll try and convince Putin to start WW3 if he loses.
I just am sooooooo tired of the Donald. He spreads chaos and fear. I want slow news days! I want boring politics! I want to live my life without existential angst because this orange turd wants to be a dictator. He should go to Russia.
There isn't anything he HASN'T lied about, is there?
“If I lose” but he never admits it
I'm sure Trump knows that this would be it for him if he loses, since the cases he moved heaven and earth to delay will catch up to him, and he will have to flee the country to go to the mothership of Russia.



That is a huge thing to come out of that debate! She didn’t just say “he can be manipulated and goaded” like Hilary did. She didn’t just cite evidence. She did it right in front of the gods and everyone! Live demonstration. She pushed his buttons and we all watched what happened.
The CIA could take notes on how to manipulate heads of state in plain sight.
I feel like most world leaders aren't this damn dumb, even if they are egotistic.
Well…if you’re a trumper you probably already believe Harris is a CIA puppet and was following her handlers instructions via those bluetooth earrings.
Lol, EVERYONE has known this for years unless you are a Trump supporter.
Intelligent people have known this. Honest people admit it.
It’s been obvious- praise him. Say how “wonderful he is” or just agree with everything he says! He’s an idiot.
As gross as it is, he's right when he calls dictators smart. It takes a fine understanding of how to manipulate people to get 90%+ of the votes. Trump lost popular vote twice and will be 3 times no matter who wins the electorate.
Trump is Putin’s beaten up toy that no one else will play with because he’s too dumb and ugly



It's about time that someone sued twice impeached 34x Convicted Felon Candidate Trump for the despicable word salad (that seems to be so common) escaping his mouth on the daily.
Start lining the lawsuits up across America!
I hope they take him to the cleaners. They should have already taken him to court. Best of luck to them.
Keep suing him
More power to them.
What was exactly said?
Please read the article.
It states:
Presidential Candidate Harris mentioned the ad he took out in the paper.
All young men (teenagers when it happened) were proven to be innocent via DNA evidence after spending many years in prison.
Twice Impeached 34x Convicted Felon Candidate Trump never apologized but seem to claim they were guilty.
A movie came out about their experience, called "When They See Us" on Netflix.
The person who committed the crime confessed in 2002.
Central Park Five: The true story behind When They See Us.

Please read the article and this comment.
He is the one that said what he said during the debate.
Live. On TV. During the debate.
It can't be glossed over or denied.
He said it. It happened.



You mean trump is a liar? I am so shocked. /s
Pardon my French but it's absolutely fucking sickening what they're doing. There is a lengthy list of Republicans who rejected additional funding to fema just a couple weeks ago. And the immigrant relief program is entirely different from the disaster relief fund. The conspiratorial lie is way sexier than the truth here so countless swing voters will probably never consider educating themselves.
https://www.newsweek.com/republicans-voted-against-fema-funding-1963980
I hope the MAGA minions realize that they are actually voting for Shady Vance for President because Dizzy Donnie Trump is not going to make it through the next 4 years…🤪
So very true!
You mean every time Trumplethinskin opens his mouth that something dumb or untrue or both comes out? Color me shocked.
Clutch my pearls he lied!!🤔
Chump is such a POS. Glad some GOP governors have the backbone to speak the truth!
Not surprised that go-go boots DeSantis isn’t on the list. He acts like a petulant child regarding anything that might ‘look’ good to democrats.
For some reason?
Everyone thinks Convicted Felon Candidate Trump is an in-office Autocrat.
In actuality?
Convicted Felon Candidate Trump is an aging grifter and want to be mafioso used to yes men and yes women.
And won't tolerate anything else.
He can't wait to destroy our country.
Don't let him.
Please vote...⬇️
HH How to Contact Elected / Appointed Officials - Let your Legislatures Know What You Think.



Conservatives would be mad, if they could read this.
If i wasn't banned, I would love to post this in their sub lol
We've all been acutely aware of it, but only now do we have a name for it.
You know they’d dispute this with “yeah but who did this study?! A LiBeRaL university?!”
They have convinced themselves that higher academia tends to lean left because of “indoctrination” rather than the real causation which is the fact that as people gain knowledge and broaden their exposure to the world, they tend to outgrow most conservative ideals.
I personally felt this as I went through college. It wasn’t even that I was becoming more liberal; but simply questioning my (former) conservative viewpoints.
I saw this posted on Twitter. A lot of those people were deep in the cope, saying that scientists and researchers can't be trusted. Especially on this subject, for unknown reasons. Probably just gut reasons
So you definitely called it
Just a friendly reminder that statistics apply to groups, and not individuals. The Republican party has specifically engineered this situation, it is not accidental. This is the direct result of using hatred, false boogymen, and lies to get voters to vote against their own interests.
Also destroying education, which they want to do federally as well.
https://www.thenation.com/article/archive/exclusive-lee-atwaters-infamous-1981-interview-southern-strategy/
The Republican Southern Strategy has been an intentional and decades long coordination across the USA to abuse metacognitive inefficiencies in white voters who are religious and prone to racial hatred.
100% engineered.
I remember my nursing instructor discussing this in a very objective way. More or less discussing how different groups of people interpret & utilize information differently.
I think you're making the mistake of thinking MAGAts aren't fully aware of what they've signed onto by supporting Trump.
We are long past the point of plausible deniability or plausible ignorance, as it pertains to knowing what the final stop on the Trump train is.
Anyone who is still along for the ride is there by choice, and are just as big of a threat to Democracy as the fat orange fuck they worship is. They aren't being conned. They're in on the con.
Yes. They know fully and well what they’ve signed on for, which makes the notion of “healing the rift” in this country difficult in my opinion. I’ll have a hard goddamn time shaking the hands of some guy who felt Trump was the best way forward for this country and the world.
I mean, I see it very clearly. But what am I supposed to do about it besides vote?
I think the #1 thing is, if you see something, say something.
Don't let their ridiculous lies goes unchallenged, especially in real life.
Don't let them go unchallenged online either. Some not so smart kid or boomer sees their lies unchallenged - which direction you think they're gonna go?
This may come as a surprise but America is full of racist, hateful, and stupid enough people who are sympathetic to fascism.
The scary thing is "History repeats itself" I'm in disbelief too. Lets hope for the best :)

They see it and welcome it
The greatest gift to the enemies of human beings is ignorance coupled with unfocused anger, and a person preying on them saying, 'Sure, you're smart. You'd be rich too if only...'
That's what hurts the worst, seeing so many people being preyed on and they offer up their own throats for the cutting. But first they want to kill the scapegoats.
Polarization is one of the biggest factors here. Propaganda from the right has become so effective and widespread that everything is an apocalyptic game of us versus them. The MAGA true believers absolutely believe 100% that any day now the Democrats will march soldiers out into the streets to start rounding up everyone who disagrees with them and throw them into concentration camps. When that's the future you think the other side is mere minutes away from enacting at any given moment, why wouldn't you support a dictator? Especially a dictator who says he'll safeguard the things that are most important to you. At that point, who cares about giving up some rights and losing our democratic system. It's better than what the Democrats were about to do in their minds.
Basically, they know it's Nazism. They just think that will be better for them than what decades of propaganda have told them the Democrats want to do to them.



What side are you on?
Us or them?
What side of history will you be on???
What can you possibly hate about Harris more that would result in you helping this side???
Take some fucking accountability...
Put your stupid petty grievances aside, because not voting, voting third party, or voting trump is a vote to elect this shit.
NEVER AGAIN!!!!
🎯🎯
Is anyone surprised by this?
but of course they did......
Jon Minedeo, whose entire identity is based on hating certain groups of people that "aren't like him" is a fervent Trump supporter.
It bums me out that someone didn't think to sink that ship...
My GOP loving acquaintances hate it when you point out who they share a party with.
You also might want to point out that 1/6 was the fhe first time the traitorist Confederate flag was displayed in the Capitol.
And Harris , tRump race is neck n neck? What the actual fuck is wrong with Americans?
His people don't care. We live in an insane time.
I don’t care if Reddit is considered an echo chamber , republicans haven’t shown me any interest of them actually caring about the middle class until they can play the blame game. Take what you will with this information and I will gladly explain to you my full reasoning cause this is just the tip of the iceberg
50 year old white male voting for Biden because I love America.
Please remind people of this! This lying, racist con man shouldn't be polling at 1%.
Your reasoning is sound. I’m right there with you.
At this point I don’t care why you vote for Biden I just want you to vote for Biden
the supreme court is my reason to vote Democrat till i die
Exactly right! 👍
Hell yeah!
Agree with everything you said. I’m a 21 year old guy with a physical disability and use a power wheelchair. I’ll be voting for Biden because his administration will ensure that I can’t be discriminated against by my insurance company for having a disability, thanks to the ACA (which Trump wants to repeal).
And people like you are further reasons why I vote against republicans. God bless
If you live in the United States, you have to know that treason is defined very differently than it is in the rest of the world, specifically Treason is the act of levying war against the united states, or when adhering to our enemies, giving them aid and comfort. The second bit also gets very specific in the form that it requires providing arms to a declared enemy of the state or providing them assistance against the state, but excludes treating the injuries of our enemies or providing them food. As for the rioters, I don't believe a single one is being tried for treason, sedition sure, but definitely not treason.
Thank you for explaining treason for Americans. I was banned from a sub of supposedly newsworthy readers because they wanted to believe their hearts instead of definitions of words.
Incited, not insighted.
who is the intended audience of this post? are you trying to convince people here?
This is not the tone you take with someone you try to get to your side in the vast majority of cases. you should do some basic research about what makes people change their minds and how to navigate these conversations and messaging. Give up all desire to be "right" and focus only on how to make connections with your intended audience and what facts they might benefit from hearing the most.
if the stakes are half as high as you say they are, you have a severe obligation to learn how to message effectively.
you need ten times the humility and charitability you currently are using. trump voters are on average decent human beings living in a world of extremely imperfect information and political polarization. you have your own blind spots and are or will be on the wrong side of history in ways you would benefit to keep in mind.
virtually no one in this country has the education, free time, exposure to meaningful opposing viewpoints, journalistic literacy, or historical knowledge to cast a meaningfully informed vote - never attribute to malice that which can be attributed to ignorance. remember how stupid the average american is, and then that half of them are stupider than that (this applies to dems too!). there are countless legitimate reasons to not wish to vote for dems or biden.
Said well. I have a feeling OP is a child, or at least very young (hopefully).
I’m by no means a Trumper, but this take is BS.
Eh if a party uses their first amendment rights to put up a candidate through whatever dog and pony show primary process they have and follow the procedures that are allowed by the courts to function to put that candidate on the ballot, and a citizen uses their constitutional right to vote rightly or wrongly ...
no that is not treason.
You can dislike the candidate, you can dislike the candidates actions, heck you can dislike the voter's choice, but that doesn't make it treason.
That is what was allowed to happen due to the courts, laws, and processes we've all allowed as a country to be put into place based on our votes and how active we have been in our country's democratic process.
All you're doing is adding vitriol and fire to the us vs. them battle that keeps progress from happening in our government.
The people who want to elect Trump are the real “republicans in name only” —with a small “r”.



“That the owner of a major social media platform—and US government contractor—is opining on the assassination of political opponents should be alarming for Americans across the political spectrum,” Lewis says. He warns that “culture war narratives and thinly veiled racism” have already had effects on the real world, which could be exacerbated by the far-right’s willingness to answer calls to arms.
“These extremists are waiting for the justification to engage in violence,” he says, “and rhetoric like this provides the perfect excuse.”
All government contracts with Elon musk should be terminated. The man is insane and a security risk.
And a man baby who got his daddy's money through apartheid emerald mines
He should be deported back to South Africa and his assets seized.
How hasn't he been convicted of espionage yet?
If true, as a naturalised citizen, he could, if found to be part of or associating with a group whose aim is to destroy or openly oppose the US Government; lose his US citizenship and be deported. Once you are deported, you lose the right to enter the US and cannot have your citizenship restored.
And a twat
He a is a POS and you couldn’t give me one of his cars!
Do it.
okay let’s fucking do it then
Let’s not be hasty. We should debate it for at least 4 decades just to be sure. /s
How exactly would he end the Electoral College without the "originalists" in SCOTUS smacking it down?
You need a constitutional amendment
Schiff is great
This actually makes a good deal of sense, so Republicans will hate it.
The more these stances get voiced by those who have large platforms… well… that is a good thing. So, shout on Adam Schiff! Loudly and often. And encourage all who stand with this to do likewise.
Let's go, Adam!
Sounds like a good start to me!!! Expanding the size of the House by 3X-5X would also increase respect for the democracy.
All citizens should expect democracy in their government!!
www.principlesofdemocracy.org
Undecided voter = “I’m too ashamed to say I’m voting Republican again.”
Also most people who say "I don't discuss or do politics".
To put them in perspective, I think of being on an airplane. The flight attendant comes down the aisle with her food cart and, eventually, parks it beside my seat. “Can I interest you in the chicken?” she asks. “Or would you prefer the platter of shit with bits of broken glass in it?”
To be undecided in this election is to pause for a moment and then ask how the chicken is cooked.
-David Sedaris
There are no undecided voters. There are just those who are too embarrassed or scared to declare a side in public. Or attention whores.
Salad or shit sandwich? 🤔 The sandwich has bread, I like bread, but then there’s the shit to deal with. The salad seems fine, but it has dates, I don’t know anything about dates, they seem a bit scary. I’ll take the shit sandwich.
People unsure about Harris go check her out on YouTube. There’s clips from senate committee hearings where she takes down Jeff Sessions and also Brett Kavenough In confirmation hearings. I watched the hearings live when they were airing and no one was better at her at grilling them.
Trump has been campaigning for 9 years. How do people not know if they want to vote for him?

I saw someone say that undecided voters only go off vibes
I hate how true that is.
I must believe that someone who claims to be undecided says so to get unwarranted attention. There's zero chance at this point of any American not being able to discern between the two candidates. Maybe if the person has been in a coma since 2015 and just woke up yesterday their uncertainty could be taken seriously. They're not being genuine otherwise. They cannot be taken seriously.



I’ve been predicting this for years. I was called hyperbolic, histrionic, a conspiracy theorist. It’s very clear this has always been their plan. My worry has always been, they will attempt to take power regardless. Heads I win, tails you lose. Why wouldn’t he do this? He has nothing to lose and everything to gain. And a violent cult following and SCOTUS at his command has him feeling pretty optimistic.
These traitors belong nowhere in government. History will not treat them kindly.
Yes but the winners write the history. This is what scares me...if they win
Guess he thinks the Red State electors will throw him the election even if he loses?
Seems to believe so.
For truly red states, it wouldn’t matter. Texas is going to go for Trump, and all of its electors will vote accordingly.
I guess it matters for states like Georgia that have a GOP governor, house and senate - but may very well end up with more Harris votes than Trump votes from its citizenry.
This time we are listening. We are taking his words seriously. It is no longer “ just how he talks”. When he said “stand back and stand by”.. we heard how that’s just how he talks. Nope. He told us exactly his plan from day one. And we are listening.
Roy Cohn taught Donald Trump “Don’t ever apologize and don’t ever admit you were wrong about anything.”
My Mom (RIP) once told me that when someone shows you who they are the first time?
Believe them.
Candidate Trump keeps telling us who he is since forever.
Here are some recent statements:
■ He talks about Hannibal Lector (a fictional character) with admiration.
The shock from the actor who portrayed the character is one of the things we all think about.
■ He thinks President Obama is the current POTUS.
■ He states, basically once I'm in office, you don't have to vote again.
■ Fred Trump III, his nephew, has come forward now and his thoughts succinctly describe Candidate Trump as "atomic crazy'
All you have to do is use your browser.
There are too many crazy statements and insane actions to mention.
Candidate Trump is ... not right in the head.
Fred Trump III calls uncle Donald Trump 'atomic crazy,' says he used racial slur decades ago.
'Terrifying’: Democrats react to Trump saying people won’t have to vote again.
Trump’s Hannibal Lecter remarks leave Anthony Hopkins ‘shocked and appalled’.
Why does Donald Trump keep calling President Biden 'Obama' on the campaign trail?.
Edit - Added link. Fixed voice-to-text issues Added comment by Fred Trump, III.
Strange remarks? This is the same shit he was been spewing for years!



We need to focus on the puppeteers who have their hands up the felon's ass. Those are the people making the policies which would drag us down to this.
That’s Putin.
Hopefully VP Kelly soon.
🙏🙏🙏
I really hope he is the pick. 
Me too!
I wish we'd start with the rising cost of healthcare and medical bills. Student loan debt should take a back seat to that.
Republicans hate this one trick
Liberals will still vote for him. Independents though? That’s who will make the difference.
Seriously! He’s done way more for progressive politics than people realize.
Try “than the last two liberal Presidents.”
Maybe he should try going around the country talking to voters about his achievements and his goals for a 2nd term. You know like he was running a presidential campaign?
Why waste the campaign funds now? It'll ramp up in a few months after the GOP clown show nominates it's worst candidate.
he will start campaigning more when the time comes.
Trump charges for rallies and sells merch/asks for donations, him 'talking' to voters is him getting paid by his voters. Trump has nothing else to do other than lawsuits and rallies and lies.
Biden should not play the same game cause 1. He has a job to do and 2. he would lose at the rally game. I would hope that people smarten up enough to see right through this.
We will see what happens when it gets closer to the general elections. A lot can happen between now and then with current issues. Trump might not even be eligible to run because of fraud, other candidates may jump in, who knows.
Thank you. Need to stop buying into the narrative the media is creating that he’s not a good president
There’s like zero content in this article
I think we’ve all been traumatized by watching the trump cult. We’re unwilling to support a politician too much to a fault now, for fear we turn into that disgraceful display going on with the MaGAs.
That is his administration's greatest weakness. They aren't able to keep his accomplishments in the news at all.



It’s charming that your idea of going low is a Kevin Federline reference. 
“Let’s get mean!” (Sticks out tongue)
Let's start laughing at them more.
It’s not even being mean, it’s just calling out assholes for being assholes. Far too long dems have tried to play a fair game and give equal attention to completely absurd and childish antics from republicans. Frankly, it’s embarrassing that it took so many years for elected officials to say, “hey we shouldn’t entertain bad faith actors and obviously false claims that bog down the already slow political machine.”
It’s not even that we’re being mean, we’re just telling the truth about how fucking weird everyone on the right is.
When they go low, kick them in the teeth. Kick them with the truth but kick them hard and keep kicking them till they stop lying.
Yeah. That was a moment from Michelle Obama that I couldn't stomach. It reeked of naivete and self-righteousness.
You're weird.
Is that mean?
It is to a MAGA.
One vibe I have picked up from his fan club is that a lot of them come across like the types who peaked in high school and still look down on nerds, geeks, goths, gays....or just people in general who march to the beat of their own drum. To them, being called "Weird" is like the worst insult as they always regarded themselves to be the "normal people"



There are people who are poll watchers, and they do get credentials (I know because I am one and get one each year), but I haven't heard of that being used at early voting centers. I'm sure it can be, but what does it really tell you? Don't know why it would be useful...
I've done poll watching for early voting. Works the same. Check in with the poll manager, show them your letter, wear your badge, follow the rules.
Anyone who has a suspicious interaction like this needs to inform the authorities. https://www.usa.gov/voter-fraud
Not in PA. There are strict regulation for poll watchers including certification and limits to number per party and candidate.
If someone did this while I was on duty the election Marshall would be called instantly and then the police.
And I bet this is true in every state, county and municipality. Poll workers and judges care about a secure, fair and impartial election.
In NY, they need a letter from the local party and only one is allowed to observe from the sidelines.
Trump supporters are going to cheat however they can, and this is just one of the many ways random fools are going to attempt to access information that they shouldn't be accessing, pretending to be people they are not, in places they have no business being in.
All this craziness started with Trump. He refused to accept his loss and now all his cult members feel it’s their duty to do same
Nope. In MN an observer must have a letter of appointment from a party that can be verified
Thank you for voting !
I think we will be hearing a lot of stories like this on the daily.
