When you see a troll, report them. Engaging just adds to moderation work and forces us to lock the post. Also, if you stoop down to name calling you make it hard for us to tell who’s the troll and who’s not. Please be civil.
Still, some yahoo making $30k a year driving an old pickup truck without AC will fight taxing the obscenely wealthy because he is scared they will tax him more. The rich want to tax him more to fund their subsidies!
I was posting about arguing with my dad's friends one time in another thread. Mind you his friends are educated, retired military officers.
They suggested I vote Trump because "black people are coming to take your stuff."
Homie, I legitimately don't think a black person has ever stolen from me in 36 years on this earth. Maybe some crayons in grade school.
80% of Americans haven't seen real wage growth since the 70's despite the largest and wealthiest economy in human history.
There's someone stealing from me right now. It definitely starts with a "B", but it ain't black.
The real problem is someone making $100k+ a year thinking they're vastly superior and in a different Class than someone make $60k a year, not realizing that they share more in common with each other than a billionaire and a guy making $100k.
Funding Trump for 45 million a month rich.
Isn’t this just a blatant bribe in exchange for political favors? It’s almost like they have conversations about how untouchable they are and through their actions just make of game of “watch this shit I’m about to pull, completely out in the open and no one can do shit about it”
AOC 28 Let's make it happen.
Even people from outside the USA know that this is the problem that will never get solved because the rich simply won't allow it.
Going into orbit just for fun rich.



The SC just ruled that Biden can assassinate the SC without penalty. It's a bold move.
The rub is that the SC gets to decide what is a official act or not.
Biden ordering their arrest. The right wing majority rules it to be illegal.
Trump orders opponents to be arrested. Thats A-OK with them.
Couldn't he have Trump "disappeared" in the name of national security?
At least someone is kicking up a fuss instead of rolling over.
Wouldn’t this be a good enough reason to stack the court and finally add some much-needed guard rails to the presidency?
Congress doesn't do shit, AOC, sorry. It's time for the Biden administration to take full advantage of the leeway it's just been given. Sadly, and I can't believe I'm saying this, he's too upstanding. Prove me wrong, Dark Brandon!
We need a dark Brandon. Right now
VOTE BLUE
Biden is the only thing that stands between us and a dictatorship.
Project 2025 streamlines this. Everyone working in the federal govt will be replaced with MAGA loyalists. They will swear an oath to Trump. Not to our country and its laws. Anyone undecided or lefty accelerationists … if he wins… you don’t have to ever be undecided again. There won’t be another fair election. Any lefties who wanna build a utopia from the ashes… technology won’t allow much room for you there. From facial id to being inside of your phone, no movement will ever gain traction. Your leadership will always just… disappear. You might too. This is what it looks like https://www.authoritarianplaybook2025.org/what-we-can-expect-1#federal-law-enforcement-overreach
https://www.reddit.com/r/AMA/comments/1dt6wvf/i_was_accepted_into_the_project_2025_prospective/
Just a reminder to those who don't pay attention and for those Republicans who want to downplay project2025.
These very same people who organized project2025 helped trump select the last three SC justices.
So if you don't like the "bribes are legal as long as the cone after the fact" ruling and the overturning of roe vs Wade then DON'T VOTE REPUBLICAN
We the People still have access to guns and have are second amendment right. War is coming. This is only the beginning.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/ng-interactive/2024/jul/01/kevin-roberts-trump-heritage-foundation-project-2025
https://www.businessinsider.com/aoc-impeachment-articles-supreme-court-trump-immunity-ruling-2024-7
AOC should be the 2024 Democratic presidential nominee.



Meanwhile the military budget is rapidly approaching $1T/yr
Amd we spend more on debt payments for all the things we can't afford.
Who needs affordable education when you can have guns?
Take it out of the military budget. They've got plenty.
Worth it, just sayings it's an on-going cost.
So is the wall. That's if, you actually want it to do something and not just be a symbol of racism.
they original took it from the military building funds, those funds at the time were partially ear marked to build schools for military kids.
U mean like a public school system??
Then we would have educated children and not bricks for our wall. /s



Good support right now but the convention is in August and things could change. Stay fluid, stay positive, defeat Trump.
As a non-american who still has a dog in this race, I don't care who you pick but whoever it is, EVERYONE needs to put their partisanship aside and get the with the program.
LOL I just heard Joe Manchin is considering a challenge as the democratic presidential nominee. LOLOLOL NO.
Absolute non-threat that couldn't even carry his own state. As someone who lives in WV; don't take Manchin serious. He's not a serious person, just a hollowed out husk who only cracks a smile at profit. He's gross and decrepit and will convince a grand total of zero delegates to break for him. There is absolutely nothing going for him, it's a nonstory
Saw that line being pushed from, lets say, vodka friendly sites.
"Let's go Brenda" 👏👏, 👏👏👏
Can we make this a thing? I feel like we should just troll the fuck out of them
It is maybe the thing that pisses me off the most about the Ds that she does all this great work supporting the party and they will absolutely stonewall her when they get the chance for a “moderate”. She deserves better and we deserve her in a higher position
AOC is my girl. She supports her so do i



would help if you posted the context
Here you go my friend
When does she go on the presidential ticket
As soon as she is 35. She's 34.
Pic of John Cardillo's tweet that provoked AOC"s response
https://i.redd.it/fyaf7lj5buhd1.png
Edit to add
Twitter link, to see AOC'replies using this link you'll need to be logged in
https://x.com/johncardillo/status/1013463926254731265
I grew up in Yorktown Heights. It's a very working class area of Westchester. It's crazy to me to see people talk about it like it's chappaqua or Scarsdale.
Well said future Madam President
Yes what did John say? Now I must Google
AOC is living the American Dream and they can’t stand it.



Her salary is currently $174,000 per year, though she does need to maintain living space in NYC and DC. She has been in office 6 years. She is expected to dress adequately and appropriately for her public appearances. She grew up with not much money, and I strongly suspect that her habits are influenced by her upbringing, including knowing how to spot a sale rack find.
The criticisms are FUD, because they have nothing of substance.
Wearing good quality, though expensive, clothing in your late 20s and 30s when you finally start making enough money to buy them is totally normal.
I remember when she had to defend herself about this and explain the concept of thrifting and renting clothes out to people. Honestly nobody gets to decide how anyone spends their salary and how they choose to present themselves. Women in the public eye are always scrutinized for their appearances.
She's been in Congress for how many years? She isn't struggling anymore, not financially. And that's not a surprise.
She came from a regular ass life most of us can relate too. She still advocates to improve things for us, not the rich.
And all they can do is make sexist and classist commentary to try and take her down.
And she’s talked before on social media about how she shops and rents clothes, buys on sale. She picks things that can be worn in multiple outfits, dressed up and down etc. She’s pretty transparent.
Well also, they simultaneously complain that she’s low-class trash because she was a bartender in the past, but also that she’s a spoiled rich girl because she’s not walking around wearing a burlap sack. What do they want?
They hate her cuz they ain’t her.
The pic, for those curious.
Courtesy WP
Scarry has since deleted his tweet, and still has yet to issue an apology.
That just... looks like ordinary clothes? I could find that outfit at Ross? This is not a fucking scandal?
Ben Shapiro, yet again proving that people would rather pass up 10,000 than speak to him.
I'd indebt myself 10 000$ to never hear him speak again.
AOC is a seriously impressive young woman. I'm watching her career from over here in Australia and genuinely wish we had someone as articulate, as morally based, as erudite, as quick-witted, and as human as AOC. She has a sense of perspective that many more senior politicians lack. And she has moral courage. We need more like her.
Fellow Aussie here. I feel the same way. We need some Sanders/Ocasio-Cortezes of our own!
The closest sorta vibe I’ve ever seen around here was Jonno Sriranganathan here in Brisbane last year. Got shockingly close to winning mayor of Brisbane, which is unheard of for the Greens. Fuckin amazing dude, he’s one of those personalities that just makes you care about whatever it is he’s talking about, because he’s always so passionate.
Edit: the election was this year. Time fucking flies I guess.
Ben, there are people who‘ll do a lot more for 10k than just talk with you. You‘d probably benefit from it on a personal level.
Dude… she does not suffer fools. I wish I was half as good at shutting down trolls as she is.
Russian money laundered thru Shapiro
debating Ben Shapiro is pointless, he's not arguing in good faith so nothing you say will make a difference.
We learned decades ago from the creationist crowd that these types of debate are a waste of time. Anyone can Gish - Gallop bullshit faster than a reasonable person can refute it.
The truth bullshit asymmetry is real. It effortless to lie and time consuming to prove wrong



Classic GOP bullshit. They act as though asking them to explain and defend the things they say is some sort of game or tactic, because the truth is they are unable to do so.
They're well able to regurgitate the high level talking point, but incapable of justfying it in any way under any sort of scrutiny or questioning.
They’re good at using buzz words that don’t mean anything, over and over and over again. I thought these were the “facts over feelings” party why can’t they bring up any actual facts.
if it's this frustrating watching a 2 minute video imagine being in that room.
how can you watch the antics by the republican party and not feel ashamed
What crime did he commit?
"Organized crime"
Good god she is great. You have to be specific with people because it is so hard to refute a vague and general claim. You need a SPECIFIC claim in order to accurately respond. If he is only going to speak in generalities then you can't really respond directly.
That’s exactly why they speak in generalities
This guy looks like the missing link.
Poor AOC:
She has to deal with so many fucking idiots every single day.
I would have given up long time ago.
It’s obvious that they are morons
“All the crimes”. That’s as specific as they get. She should have started listing things.
Did you witness him murder someone?
Did you witness him kidnap someone?
Did you witness him rape someone?
Did you witness him steal something?
And eventually, what crime did you witness him commit?



Didn’t realize Fox News was campaigning for AOC, good for them
Haha. Basically, the new republican party believes in the opposite of all that.. I don't get the appeal. Their priorities are so f-ed up.
See nothing wrong with any of those things
But don't you realize they'll make the right look bad?
It's a bit odd that it doesn't even seem to be dramatised. It seems like a list that AOC would have made
Finally, they told the truth.
While trying to make it look like something bad
it absolutely blows my mind that a voter can look at that list and not think those are all good things. what the fuck is wrong with these people?
Most people in yhe USA believe most of thise policies are from socialism. Most people in the USA don't know what socialism is. Most of those policies are socialist policies. People are afraid of anything that sounds socialism. All of thos policies sound good for society in general.



Tucker Carlson was born in one of the richest counties of San Diego and is the inheritors of a massive fortunate from Swanson's foods
and AOC clawed her way through college.
turns out filling people with literal poison is a family trait
Tucker Carlson being an heiress kinda checks out actually.
But I don't have that one on my 2024 WTF Bingo card.
AOC is also happy, we've seen video of her dancing, and Tucker is just a miserable trust fund baby with an unnatural guffaw.
I don’t think he’s ever made a real laugh before
That motherfucker grew up in La Jolla, the most privileged place in all of San Diego. They used hostile realtors to exclude POC from moving there until the late 80’s.
Edit: better language to describe what happened
Conservatives: "The liberal left doesn't care about hard-working blue-collar Americans like we do!"
Also conservatives: "BARTENDER LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL"
It’s just like when they laugh at people who want a sustainable minimal wage.
They absolutely have to be superior to SOMEBODY to feel good about themselves



Statistics show crime is down.  The only crime that’s been rising is the lies Republicans have been telling about crime.
“ Looking at violent offenses, the number of homicides in the 29 study cities providing data for that crime was 13% lower–319 fewer homicides–during the first half of 2024 than in the first half of 2023. There were 7% fewer reported aggravated assaults and 18% fewer gun assaults in the first half of 2024 than during the same period in 2023. Reported carjacking incidents fell by 26% while robberies and domestic violence incidents declined by 6% and 2%, respectively.”
https://counciloncj.org/crime-trends-in-u-s-cities-mid-year-2024-update/
Chicago has a lot of crime, however Chicago also has 9 million people... which is more people than live in 38 US states. Only 12 states have more people than the city of Chicago. Crime per capita is the number they refuse to look at. It's racist, cherry picked statistics that they love to use for their comfy confirmation bias.
A-ha!! So that means 3 out of 10 are Democrat run. How the turn tables?
Oh damn! You got her!
Serious question: does Jim Jordan ever actually legislate or does he just “investigate” imaginary crimes and tweet? Oh, and ignore child predators.
Love AOC🔥🔥🔥🤣🤣🤣

Follow-up to the follow-up, about that subpoena...
That's why AOC has a bright future and Gym Jordan doesn't. At least in my opinion.
I've got a senior zoo official that says Jake Tapper pays them to let Jake Tapper drink giraffe urine direct from the source.
I'm, somehow, more credible that Jake Tapper when I say dumb shit like this.
I think 30 upvotes (time of my comment) is enough facts for me
No fucking sir. We ain't resigned shit
Name and shame, Tapper. Otherwise, you're full of shit.
Totally, i concur
Biden wins this election the same way Trump won his. Votes against Trump.
I swear the two party system is robbing us of the top quality candidates. GOP keeps rolling out the worst they can find, while democrats can send out meh because “we’re not as crazy as that guy”. The GOP is taking full advantage of this and using their weight to steer us all extremely right,
I mean, Tapper has lost all credibility since the Biden/Trump debate. He's just a narcissistic clown trying to stay relevant now.
I'm not American, but these kinds of politicians, in any country, really grind my gears.
The reason you're in the office is, officially, to bring change aligning with the voice of the people who voted for you. If you just give up on doing anything, what the fuck are you doing in the office? You are basically admitting that the whole system is a sham and you're in it only for the money.
Imagine if a cleaning person went "well, people keep throwing so much trash on the floor, there's no point to keep cleaning it. But I still want to get paid for the job." You'd be out on your ass instantly.
''People are saying''
No, they aren't. You are just lying to manipulate the public.



The GOP knows that all Latinos come from one of those Mexican Countries.
Anybody who doesn't believe this will be the same level of distinction they will make when it comes time for "mass deportation", especially American citizens who happen to be Latino, isn't paying attention.
There's white and there's immigrant, according to the GOP.
and “the blacks”.
I too am an immigrant when my ancestors moved from Missouri to Oklahoma in 1996
Good on you for learning to speak American.
Blame west side story… the only exposure to Puerto Ricans that most republicans have… and they’re made to look like immigrants. They even sing a whole song about coming to “America”.
And the song has the line:
Nobody knows in America Puerto Rico’s in America
Idiocracy in real life
How the hell was Gavin Newsom married to her for 5 years?



The bit about "going back to being a bartender" was perfection. What a great rebuttal to the classist attitude towards a politician not being born rich.
I know I got goosebumps and a smile from that. She's such a bad ass.
Seriously. I hate how these ghouls act like “bartender” is derogatory. Nothing wrong with making a living.
Awesome speech! But, this is the absolute best part for me. It’s the “Damn Girl” look lol
As a fellow New Yorker, I've followed her Congressional career with great interest. Seeing her speech tonight makes me want to survive another eight years just to vote for her for president.
Never would have thought AOC would hype Harris THIS HARD. This is deff not 2016… Damn Trump. Is. Cooked. 
BUT REMEMBER, Trump has to LOSE. By a LANDSLIDE this November. REGISTER TO VOTE
I would love nothing other than to see his ass get trounced.
However, I'm still going to vote in an effort to make sure it happens, landslide style.
God I can't wait for this woman to run for POTUS. We would be lucky to have her.
Till then Harris-Walz 2024!
AOC! AOC! AOC!



AAAOC


AOC is just all around awesome.
She is a normal person like us who also happens to be really smart, very articulate, very personable, very compassionate and also quite attractive. One day I will excitedly vote for her to be our president.


When you work your whole life to get to where you are, such things are just second nature. AOC, it appears, understands that. 👍
When Trump was criticizing Kamala for inflation and high grocery prices, I wish Kamala asked Trump when the last time it was that he had stepped into a Supermarket. Probably never.
As a Canadian I wish we could borrow her for a few terms.



Every “where does it stop” mf when confronted with ‘somewhere’ and they realise their argument isn’t the reductio ad absurdam they thought it was
Look how he so carefully sets up his "AH HA, you want socialism!!" gotcha answer to her anticipated response and look how she absolutely eviscerates his teeny weeny mind. I love her.
The fucked up thing about social media is that fucking idiot republicans get to soap box on the internet and spread their stupidity to other idiots who lap it up
Fining corporations or business owners who are making exorbitant profits while having full time workers on some type of govt assistance would be a good start. As it stands right now we are subsidizing billionaires to help pay their workers.
Yeah didn't McDonald's or Walmart have like as part of their training how to apply for food stamps? No company should make billions in profit while pushing employee benefits on our taxes.
Banning billionaires is more tricky though since a lot of their wealth is in stocks. I think a better move is any company that takes bail out money from taxes is now state owned by the people.
Ending that hypocrisy would be a great start.
AOC has my vote and I'm not even American!
❤️AOC!!✊
The hardest worker I've ever known was a guy who paints home/building exteriors for a living in Arizona. Gets up at 5am every day to get started packing his tools etc at 6am and start working at 7am, works alone, works in the Arizona summer wearing a full protective suit w/ full face respirator, sets up and tears down by himself every day, cleans up everything by himself every day. Doesn't stop working until 8pm. Works 6 days a week. He had been doing it like that for 35 years and he had a normal home with 3 bedrooms in a completely standard suburb, drove a 2006 ford ranger truck, and had 2 kids and a wife. The wife also had a full time job. I was friends with his kids and they loved their dad to death.
If that dude is working his ass off on jobs that take genuine skill that much and still is only getting a basic living that isn't even enough to support his family without his wife also working, then how can anyone tell me a ceo who works 4 days a week from 10am to 4pm answering phone calls and emails while going to lavish lunches with other ceos, who all have personal assistants who do the majority of their job are the ones who worked to earn their billions?
It's clear being rich doesn't require hard work. Because if hard work made you a billionaire, then we would have millions of billionaires in this country. But we don't. Instead we have a few billionaires who barely do any work and what work they do actually do is low skill and basically just answering questions.
Then people say you should have gone to school and gotten a good job and then you'd be rich.
Ok, tell me who has more schooling than lawyers, doctors, and scientists. Sure they all make a comfortable living but how many of them are billionaires? They all have gone to school for over 6 years to get their degrees, they all work real hours doing skilled labor. They all have quite important jobs that drastically improve the lives of a lot of people. So why aren't they all billionaires? They work hard, do skilled labor, went to school, and provide much needed services to society.
It's clear being a billionaire doesn't require hard work or lots of schooling or a uniquely high impact job. Because if it did we would have tons of billionaires.
So if these people working their asses off doing skilled hard labor with many years of schooling behind them aren't billionaires then nobody should be one, because if after all of what they do doesn't make them deserve being disgustingly rich, then nobody that does less deserves to be disgustingly rich either.
Not to mention, what benefit is there to having billionaires? Millionaires sure, investing in things, founding companies, making larger purchases to stimulate the economy. That's all fine. But billionaires? What benefit do we get from them that can't be had from millionaires? What is the reason that we should allow billionaires to exist? Because from where I'm sitting, they do more harm than good by hoarding wealth and keeping it out of the economy. Not to mention how they don't pay more taxes than millionaires do 99% of the time.
So why should being a billionaire not be outlawed and why should we not have 100% tax on every cent earned over $999 million dollars? That's already a ridiculous amount of money, if someone can't do everything they've ever wanted with $999m then that's on them.
Billionaires with yachts that have a helipad and a submarine on them shouldn’t exist.
Billionaires that pay to have a public bridge removed so they can get their massive yacht delivered shouldn’t exist.
Would've liked to have heard this during the DNC, since it was true then too.
I would have liked to have heard it 11 months ago...
I genuinely can't watch any videos from this conflict (or the Ukrainian one for that matter). I'm fully against what's happening and I've traumatized myself enough clicking on links I shouldn't have over the years. Seeing that stuff now just makes me angrier than anything at our weasely politicians, which I'm already livid about. 
whaaaaat a career politician being a sleeze thats so off par
Better late than never but that "working tirelessly for a ceasefire" lie will haunt her.
Too bad she voted for the huge aid package earlier this year that sent $30 billion worth of bombs and equipment to Israel. Would feel a lot more impactful coming from her if that weren’t the case
I hate this argument. It's disingenuous. Biden explicitly said he unequivocally supports Israel several times.
No one wants him to solve this problem, he can't. We just want harsh condemnation and a weapon embargo on Israel.
But as you can see, they just sent THAAD systems. Kamala showed and said time and time again that she fully supports Israel. Did not let Palestinians speak at her campaign. No real promise on cobdemnibg Israel.
It's genuinely frustrating to be guilted into voting democrat just because of Trump. Why tf would a Palestinian care about your abortion rights when their families in Palestine don't even get the right to live.
Netanyahu is not the full extent of the problem. The Israeli settler-colonial, white nationalist project is the source of the problem. She doesn't even mention Israel in this tweet.




The ultra-rich used to be taxed this way. So they reinvested in their workers, their companies, R&D and charities and such.
I’m 100% for discriminating against a room full of 10-15 people if it means the country can prosper, fuck that extremely small group of people
Millionaires about the 10 millions is where I draw the line.
conservatives still believe that 'trickle down economics' is going to happen..someday
It has tricked down, and by it I mean piss. Lots and lots of piss
I live in Alabama. I'm not from here but my wife is a native.
She has an uncle who is as crazy a Trump lover as you can get it. He's unemployed and can't find affordable housing so he is living in a space in his brother's (my FiL) office.
He is CONVINCED that his situation is all the work of liberals on welfare and that they're keeping the Republicans from fixing the economy. It's gotten to the point where we just avoid that part of the family all together. It's really sad.
Tax Excessive CEO Pay Act 2024 - write your congressional folks. Bernie reintroduced it: https://www.sanders.senate.gov/wp-content/uploads/TaxExcessiveCEOPayActText20244.pdf
AOC for POTUS!!! Katie Porter for VP!!
If Joe doesn't make it to Nov, we need a backup plan, and Kamala just isn't exciting to voters.



Was it Shell or ExxonMobil that had their own research scientist say they knew about climate / world affects from Oil production in the 1970s, but buried it for the next generations to deal with as they profit?
It was Exxon.
Why did nobody get prosecuted for crimes against humanity when this came out?
She's not wrong, but what are the odds the Republicans have anyone among their ranks who will listen? Florida is almost certain to sink into the ocean first.
This is not true, the hurricanes are clearly engineered by the left and their Jewish Space Lasers, which is another reason to vote Harris, because why would you vote for the side that cannot create a simple hurricane during hurricane season!
Something I learned the other day is every 1c global avg the temp rises in our atmosphere adds enough energy to power the US for 250 years. However that energy gets expressed in different ways…like hurricanes.
And our governor, Meatball Ron, just "both sides" this thing when he was asked about the weather control conspiracies. "This is a problem on both sides. One side says it's fossil fuels and the other side says it's someone directing the hurricanes"
Like those things are equally crazy. Suggesting you'd have to be batshit insane to believe either one of those things. 'Global warming is contributing to the extreme weather' is on the exact same level of crazy as 'the government can steer a hurricane'.
Fucking hell, man.
The fact that she has to spell this out to potentially a enormous number of people in the present day US is an embarrassment.
Good! We need more leadership like this
Share Your Thoughts - Contact the Vice President | The White House
You can write:
If you become President of the United States of America:
Keep Lina Khan as Federal Trade Commission Chair.
Keep Assistant Attorney General Jonathan Kanter as leader of the Justice Department’s Antitrust Division.
Bernie sent his warning shot yesterday too. Happy to see it from them both.
They're absolute beasts fighting for us little people. Bernie and AOC need to be celebrated on their birthdays.
I’m looking forward to voting for AOC for president some day.
I’d vote for her any damn day
Lina Khan has been an absolute gladiator. If we don’t have safeguards around monopoly, we will lose capitalism altogether.
She's a beast, we need ten more of her.
So let me get this straight, Mark Cuban has been out there pushing for Kamala just to get his picks in? Fuck him
Hey Kamala don't fuck this up the way Democrats always do. This is your chance to show the D's have changed for the better. Keep fucking around and find out what it's like to certify the votes for a Trump Dictatorship.



They 100% can't do this before November. If they do it before, and rule that the President has Immunity, then Trump himself could just disappear and all Biden would have to say is "Immunity."
Now we all know that's not gonna happen, but if the Supreme Court rules too soon, there's a lot of shenanigans that could be pulled.
I think the idea is to hand Trump total immunity when he becomes the dictator. Presidential Immunity before that would be premature.
100% this is what they're going to wait on. If biden gets reelected, it's an easy "of course the president isn't immune from everything". If trump happens to win, well, they seem to think they have the unilateral authority to rule him immune from all prosecution that isn't an impeachment, which is really really dangerous. I don't see that ending well for our country if that happens.
The right ruling is that the president isn't immune, so im hoping biden wins, if for no other reason that it will result in the supreme court making the right decision instead of a power grab.
This would be how the real civil war starts.
They absolutely could wait on making the opinion. Opinions are dropping slower and slower in the last few sesssions with an average ~1/3rd of a year turnover.
Now the question is if they can weather the political shitstorm that they pretend they’re above.
We now have a SCOTUS that has given aid and comfort to an oath breaking insurrectionist.  It should illegal for any justice or judge to preside over any case involving the person that appointed them. Period.
It usually is for judges at least, they can't be personally involved. That's why Trump's strategy involved antagonizing them via stochastic terrorism so they'd have to recuse themselves for fear of unjust retaliation
ELI5 - why May?
Because in Theory after the ruling they have 30 days to officially post it. The judge said that both sides will get 90 days to prepare for the trial, so that means jury selection won’t start until October. So no way that we get a verdict before the election…
You know they will 🙄😮‍💨
Remarkable young woman. One of your best hopes, America, we in Europe hope to see her backed to the hilt in taking on the lunatic Republican right.
White, male, 60-ish American here. She 100% has my support. I’ll never see her in the Oval Office, but hopefully my kid will.
Could not agree more
It's a bit of political theater, since we know it won't go anywhere; but, it is nice that at least someone in Congress is trying to represent the American people.
I'm glad that it's in the historical record now. She made a very logically sound and coherent case for articles of impeachment. When we look back on these times, people like AOC will be there sounding off like this. Shes an absolute gem.
Eh political theater was the GOP forcing a vote on a bill to make it illegal to vote as a non-citizen, something that’s already illegal.
This is legitimate grounds for impeachment. I don’t expect it to go anywhere but it’s much more symbolic than political theater
Why is she not the democratic nominee. She is brilliant
Because the Dem establishment don’t like her because she’s too left for them.
She is what we need to save this country
I agree with you that it needs to be said.



This is what happens when you privatize literally everything, including the running for public office. Everything is for sale in this country.
America is a business that just happens to have borders.
Corporations are “people”. A legal fiction introduced in 1886.
https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Santa_Clara_County_v._Southern_Pacific_Railroad_Co.
This paved the way to Citizens United, decided 5-4.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_United_v._FEC
Burn, baby burn.
You elect scum into our government, you're going to get scummy results. If we dont get money out of politics, America is doomed.
OOTL, what happened?
They're doing the same with Cori Bush's August 6th primary
just AIPAC doing AIPAC things
A racist genocide supporting interest group using foreign money to interfere with an American election.
I'm sure a majority of politicians are outraged!
/s



It's funny but also sad
Saw that list and I was like "Fox News is threatening us with a good time".
Yes please to every damn bullet point
It's all so very "leopard at my/our face". So worried about birth rates, but want to keep going people shacked with debt and expensive healthcare so that they don't feel like they can actually have kids. Wut?
I wish democrats were half as awesome as rightoids make them sound
The Left's Radical New Plan for Children Republicans refuse to try:
Give your kids a hug and tell them you care about them!
I wonder why they didn't use any of the white women favoring this deal in this very informative infograph
Godspeed ladies.
Free University Free Long distance transport (air or train) Free meals from local farms Free medicine and medical care
Keep ICE
Enact pro-planet legislation
These seem really sane and healthy ideas.
Don't just vote, volunteer to phone/text/mail bank for Dems today! Donate to campaigns and also campaign for them! It's fun and exciting to get involved in the Democratic process.


it's insane how few Americans understand that republicans love CEO's and hate working people.
Uh. 2/3rds understand that. The problem is 1/3 doesn't vote or engage in civics meaningfully.
And half don't know what civics means. (They love the rights part... But how about obligations?)
Republicans hate everyone that isn’t rich, or white, or heterosexual, or a man.
I love her. She always makes such good points and arguments, but nothing will ever come of it unfortunately. But don’t worry tRUmP wIlL bRiNG BaCk wOrkErs anD CrEatE jOBs or some stupid shit like that
I feel like she's always saying what I'm thinking and then 90% of the rest of Congress works diligently to contort themselves in ways where they can either ignore her or make it seem like she's lying even though she's not.
I dunno if the Congress has ever actually worked for the people. What I do know is that they definitely do not fight now.
She's the real deal. She may be one of the few hopes for America in the future.
I can't wait for an opportunity to vote for her
AOC for president
Why can't we have more AOC's in government?!?


"...the only time religious freedom is invoked is in the name of bigotry and discrimination. And I'm tired of it." Love her.
I love this woman
Most of the people who dislike AOC are the ones who would run a mile from a mirror
I am not American, but have a rough idea of their politics. The fact that half the population think Donald Trump is the saviour of America and most of them would give him dictorial rights but think AOC is an idiot and a percentage would hang if they could is worrying. She seems to be one of the few people in American politics that see to genuinely care about individual people.
AOC 28. Let's make it happen.
While I’d love it, I get the feeling she doesn’t want to give up the soul required to make that happen. As it stands, all republicans would be against her as well as the bulk (dollar-wise) of democratic donors.
This has needed to be said for a very long time. I would like to hear their response and somehow justify their hatred and bigotry.
"well, what jesus was trying to say is...."
I wish she were my representative. Instead I keep getting right wing wackos like Lee Zeldin.



Wonder how Kristi’s affair with lewandowski is going?
Doubt she has time to travel to Barcelona much.
I can't wait to vote for her when she runs for president.
I wish I was American so I could vote for her too (if she runs for president), she seems like a genuinely good person, and we're in desperate need of more of them
It is nice to hear that Mike Pence finally figured out that his boss and all his followers were trying to kill him on January 6th, but what a slow thought process. The rest of us all knew that on January 6th.
The extremely rare Pence w
Need a subreddit named: r/ExplainedByAOC
What did Pence do/say?
Pence has stated that he is not endorsing Trump for president this year. Can’t really blame the guy for it.




Not only that, but he was an illegal immigrant. When he first moved to the USA and started working, he did not have a work visa. Only later on, did one of the tech investors organise for him to be granted one, but it was well after he had been illegally working in the USA.
Hahaha, this is hilarious. I did not know that. Shows you the level of self awareness of these idiots.
And he rails against “government handouts,” while he’s received billions. Someone this out of touch will always prove extremely dangerous.
They all want to pull the ladder up behind them. If they weren't such racist tax evaders who believe in take from the poor to fund the wealthy with trickle down economics, maybe more immigrants would listen to their ideas of running the country and vote for them.
Does money just make you stupid?
No, it just renders being stupid moot.
Deport South African Multi-Billionaires.
“No, he’s white!”
"But I'm white"
