one of the best presidents, and people, ever.
100%, as someone who grew up in poverty under his presidency, his policies positively impacted my family and growth, literally, had food because of his policies and now am a successful business owner who is happy to pay higher taxes to help others the way Jimmy Carter helped us.
I believe in many states if he were to pass before the Election Day, the vote would be invalidated.
But how do they find it? Once its received isn't it just verified against the voters signature record, then the ballot removed and randomized with all the other mail-ins? Or do they wait until election day to start that process?
Most states have mail-in or early voting, they also have accommodations for those who are in hospice so as long as it's postmarked on or after the date of eligibility his vote would stand, also he's still alive so he hopefully will make it to see her actually get elected! Edit: 10 states specifically allow those ballots to be counted, 16 states prohibit counting those ballots, and the remaining 24 states, including Georgia have no specific laws on the topic, according to research from the National Conference of State Legislatures and his vote would be counted.
Edit 2: did some more research I find this fascinating...
10 states explicitly permits votes be counted—Arkansas, Florida, Hawaii, Louisiana, Maryland, Massachusetts, Montana, North Dakota, Tennessee and Virginia—have statutes that explicitly permit counting absentee ballots cast by voters who die before Election Day; one state-Connecticut-only counts these ballots if the deceased voter is a member of the armed services.
9 states explicitly prohibit votes be counted—Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Missouri, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin—have statutes that explicitly prohibit counting absentee ballots cast by voters who die before Election Day. Missouri states that such ballots be rejected only if sufficient evidence is shown to an election authority that the voter has died before the opening of the polls on Election Day, and the deceased voter's ballot is still sealed in the ballot envelope. (Kentucky & Missouri AGs Prohibit but no laws on the books, crazy)
The rest do not have an explicit policy, which is insane! Colorado, NY, Kansas allows challenges to ballots (no idea what that means), so there's no federal law protecting someone's vote who passes, I think that's sad if they were alive and got their ballot in on time that vote should be counted.
Here's the link for info: https://www.ncsl.org/elections-and-campaigns/counting-absentee-ballots-after-a-voter-dies
Years from now this will be one of those fun facts that blows people's minds.
I built houses for you, have seen you preach 3x, and shaken your hand. Your work is now done and you can rest sweet angel. Thank you for your service.
Heaven forbid, but if he died before the election you know the gop would scream “voter fraud!!”
Goddamn.
This is wonderful news. Thank you for sharing.
Congress needs to pass the Pro Act and end it in all states.
My UAW family is stoked.
Who the f*ck votes republican anymore except christianist weirdos?!
Racist weirdos who think they're wealthier than the actually are.

Indiana next
Right to Work was always some trickster wordsmithing.
As an official act, it would seem the sitting president could order the seizure of all voting equipment and the interogation of all election officials in the entire country to sort it all out with complete immunity.
Of the seven swing states, five of them have Democratic secretaries of state.
(NC, NV, AZ, WI, MI)
As for Pennsylvania and Georgia, their secretaries of state have already refused to cooperate with this exact thing 4 years ago.
Dem SoS, mostly (?) Dem Govs, Dem POTUS. It won’t go the way they think or hope it will. They can delay it but in the end they’ll have to certify especially if the margins show clear wins in those states. Sow all the distrust they want, they’ll look like fascist toadies and I think, overall, people are sick of it.
Ok, so Biden won’t leave while they litigate it for 5 years like Trumps crimes and if he dies the VP will take over
That will be very difficult is she wins by a landslide. The data is looking like that is posible.
Also us knowing their game takes a lot of the ability to do it.
Biden won by 7 million votes and they still tried to play games. The more states she wins, the more the magats will convince themselves it's fraud.
Make sure there’s no chance Trump can claim he almost won. We need to work to make it a landslide victory. Volunteer and canvass people!
The counter move: Biden resigns in December, and Harris is sworn in. Stall certification of Kamala's win if you want, but still she would be president. 
Let them reveal themselves to be the fascists they so desperately wish to be.
Dems should plan a giant january 6th march on the capital. Peacefully of course, they will dwarf whatever crowd trump can encourage to attend. Take back January 6th. 4 years ago Republicans used it to subvert democracy, this time dems can use it to stand up for democraxy.
We’re already there
This is what I’ve been saying. A gilded age leads to a minor progressive movement, then a reaction back to conservatism, then a total economic disaster and then a major progressive movement. Would be nice if we could just have a progressive movement without a Republican caused disaster but that doesn’t seem possible
Well this one HAS to be an entire paradigm shift. If not, the biosphere will collapse in short order. So there's that.
And one big problem has been no policy has come through unscathed. European growth is lagging far behind the US and the gap is quickly growing. Makes for probably half of democrats if not more reluctant to try more drastic measures (which is impossible anyways right now with Republican obstructionism)
I think this gilded age will continue for quite some time, for as long as cheap labor has value it will make it very tough with global trade to have policies that don't kill domestic economies. As global wages even out across countries, I expect more progressive policies will have far more value.
Are entering?!
Entering?
Entering?
We have been in a gilded age since Reagan. It'snot good.
Did the author miss the fact that we literally had a Robber Baron president who is currently trying to be elected for his second term?
Even before he fucked over workers through policy as President, he had a long, consistent record of ripping off and screwing over his own workers.
https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/06/09/donald-trump-unpaid-bills-republican-president-laswuits/85297274/
...
https://www.northjersey.com/story/news/columnists/mike-kelly/2020/01/24/donald-trump-still-owes-money-to-contractors-who-built-taj-mahal-atlantic-city/4547037002/
https://theweek.com/articles/783976/brief-history-trumps-smalltime-swindles
The republicans just need a few black people, and a few teamsters. Just enough to create some confusion about which side is which.
I wonder how much money Trump gave this guy. What a sellout.
"$$$$$$$" -- Teamsters President
He's hoping to be the next last Secretary of Labor
Didn't he almost have a wrestling match with MarkWayne Mullen?
Just another guy using his position to sell out.
From the article:
Teamsters’ vice president at large, John Palmer, told Mother Jones last week that members are split when it comes to the 2024 election, with straw polls (https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2024/07/the-teamsters-boss-is-courting-trump-despite-his-anti-labor-record/) showing 46 percent supporting Biden and around 37 percent supporting Trump. Palmer has also openly criticized O’Brien’s budding relationship with Trump, writing that speaking at t he RNC “only normalizes and makes the most anti-union party and President I’ve seen in my lifetime seem palatable.”
So his members support Biden by a wide margin. And yet he goes and speaks at the RNC….his members should vote him out and get a new President.
This is amazing.
Imagine the health benefits of people eating fast food less due to fair wages? Slight price increases of unhealthy fast food, which are now already overpriced, can only benefit the obesity problem.
Now do EMT’s…
Let makes it sound like their deaths are voluntary. The court is killing women in Texas is the more appropriate headline.
The conservative Supreme Court justices have blood on their hands.
Just Texas doing Texas things. They already had the highest maternal mortality rate in the western world before Roe v Wade was destroyed.

They will create a federal abortion ban at the first opportunity.
Hmm, how about the Republicans wanting to cut our SS and Medicare for starters?
Trump tried to impose and still calls for a "Muslim ban"
I mean, that's part and parcel with fascism. It's not an insignificant thing he did and it hurt a lot of people but it's small potatoes compared to the kinds of horrors in Project 2025.
Maybe any of the advancements in labor rights? Union rights? Or the child tax credit?
The President that made it illegal for rail workers to strike? The child tax credit that expired and was never renewed?
Look, I get it. Things will be really bad if Trump gets elected again, and for the record, I'm voting Democrat, but things are bad now, and there's a Democrat in office. We're constantly getting told how low unemployment is and how wonderful the economy is doing, all while we're spending more on food and rent than we ever have.
You don't win elections by telling people what won't happen if they elect you. We need a plan, maybe some sort of platform thingy, that tells them what we're going to give the people, what we're going to protect, and how we plan to make sure it stays in place. I don't really see that happening right now.
Edit: good grief, I didn't say anything about me or my situation, but people seem to be taking it as me clamoring for handouts or expecting the government to coddle me while offering nothing in return. Not what I said at all. I'm saying that the Democratic platform is virtually non-existent and we need to be telling people what we will be doing for them if they elect Democrats, not just what they'll be avoiding. Otherwise, we're just voting for the status quo, and people aren't happy with that.
As for if things are bad, 65 percent of millennials and Gen xers feel the economy is in a recession, despite numbers touting the opposite. The biggest reason for this is greed-driven inflation, which may have slowed, but certainly hasn't reversed. So yeah, we may have more money now than we ever have, but compared to even just twenty years ago, it doesn't go nearly as far.
The housing crisis is due to policies at the local level and there's not much the federal government can do about it.
A lot of voters are really selfish when they think of politics and only think of the present or the immediate future. They don't care a lot about those political appellations unless they can discern a clear and direct link to their own daily lives.
Imediate self gratification also comes I to play 4 years watching policies slowly have impact versus immediately getting 25 dollars but everything is worse in 5 years.
A surprisingly number of people take the 25 dollars.
[Reads question quoted from Charlamagne]
Well, Charlatan-...I mean Charlamagne, an okay start would be admitting you weren't helping anything in 2020 by calling importance to Biden's irrelevant, but technically correct, "you ain't black" statement.
And as a black man myself, Charlamagne, you can help things in the future by learning when to shut your black-ass up every now and then. You have a tendency to cause friction where there needn't be any and you call attention to moronic things for drama.
So... Charlamagne...how about:
A) shutting up and fucking off?
or
B) maybe clear things up with Biden and maybe even canvas/campaign for him a little bit?
We have enough black folk in the country trading in their souls for a red hat, whether they KNOW it or not. And we've had quite enough of Uncle Kanye West. So either help or shut up and get outta the way. Thanks.
Rant over. 🙂
It is about on average for Republicans which means it is even more right wing than a great many Republicans.
Thanks RBG.
Given the inevitable result if she'd resigned at any point after 2014, not sure she's the first person who deserves the blame.

so Biden will be taking out trump?
i mean, if it's going to be OK for trump to do it then...it should be OK for Biden to do it now..
If he did it his poll numbers would go up I guarantee it.
Even upon reading the article most in this thread will not have an understanding of what this ruling actually means.
The LeagleEagle does a fantastic job of explaining the far-reaching ramifications of this ruling and the principles on which it is based. As a spoiler, it is significantly worse than you can imagine, it is based on thin air, and it is effectively irreversible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MXQ43yyJvgs
Given that Democrats are compelled to act with integrity due to expectations from their constituents, this will become a power abused only by lawless Republicans. Biden will never take advantage of this power.
Yes. As long as he uses DoJ or military resources to do it, he can claim it’s either a core presidential authority or official act, and it can’t be charged.
It would be interesting if the military refused it as a lawful command.
The SC didn’t make a presidential murder lawful. They only gave the president immunity. It’s still a crime. A brave officer could refuse to follow the order.
We are one election from losing democracy
Gonna stay that way until the SC is fixed.
Pretty much. Someone could argue that murder is considered an unofficial act, but it's going to be an uphill battle against declarations of immunity.
Yes. Us Americans are too used to safety and peace. We don't realize shit can change instantly. Trump will use his power to the fullest if he wins. Don't be stupid, VOTE blue.
The silliest thing is indeed the prohibition on using it as evidence.
The constitution specifically says that after impeachment, you’re subject to criminal prosecution:
But… if you were impeached for bribery to do an official act, that act can’t be used as evidence in that subsequent trial.
Absurd. Total disregard for the text of the constitution.
"Prolife"
"Christian nation"
Christians have never been shy on a little butchering of innocents.
Christians are the dumbest shitheels on earth
That's murder and there's no way Hobbs is going to sign that. Just more political bullshit to rile up the base.
The whole GOP is a hate based, violence threatening fascist reality show party...a fucking Fox production. Useless.
Nazi behavior
I honestly don't understand how people can't see this as comparable to the rise of the Third Reich.
-Sincerely - An expat living in Germany.
The GOP is cultivating still more hatred.
...really good for the country.
Christians sure like to kill people
So do you check documentation before you murder them, or how does it work?
I'm having a THC drink now, regardless of the scheduling. Thanks Nevada!
Legalize it federally already.
Good luck getting regressivists in the GOP to agree to it
Next do shrooms please! In fact, time to do away with the whole disastrous war on drugs entirely.
We gotta ask all the DEA officers for permission because they make a lot of money going after people that use and sell certain drugs.
Thousands of lives have been destroyed because of this intentional misclassification. This should have happened decades ago and it is a shame on both parties that it is just now happening.
Progress.


How about brainwashed and politically biased.
You will if the GOP don't block the bill in the senate...but they will. So lets piss on the one guy doing something good...wonder why?
The government should seize that money as being subject to sanction and not accept it as bond.
Did no one read the article? That's not what it says at all, no source either. I don't doubt it's possible, but come on y'all, facts matter. Don't be like the other side.
"Mysterious international monetary fund with ties to Russian state-owned gas company pays Trump's bond in E. Jean Carroll case" is more accurate but won't fit on a page nearly as well.
So we do know that Chubb paid the bond. Chubb is basically an insurance company headquartered in Switzerland. And that Chubb CEO Evan Greenberg served on a trade advisory committee in the Trump White House.
Obviously RAN is an activist organization with their own agenda. But their information on Chubb operations in Russia, and elsewhere, is sound. So the headline term "Putin aligned" may imply, on its own, misleading context the claim itself appears essentially valid given that context. And the article has in fact provided sufficient sources for that context.
What the article doesn't have sufficient information to determine is whether Chubb acted for the sake of its own activism or was in fact merely a conduit for the activism of others, such as Russia. Yet the Putin "aligned" characterization remains valid, with sufficient sources, on its own.
He just pissed away that money.
More like he’s making an investment
This can't be true, Fox News hasn't mentioned it! /s
Everything... literally everything ... that is important to maintaining our democracy and our planet ... the right wing is bent on destroying. I am finding it very hard to find middle ground with these people and to not look at them as implacable opponents or in other words ... enemies.
They're trying to make everything into a private company basically
Ending public education, public health care, public assistance... in the end we'd have a Lord of the Flies country where they imagine they'd be on top.
Conservatism greatest problem is that it spirals downward. Eliminate wasteful spending is good, but failing to recognize when they have gone too far is a serious problem with conservatism.
Why? 
Because being a Conservative politician is a competitive process. Somewhere another very sincere conservative is ready to accuse you of not being a 'true' conservative. This creates a series of one-upsmanship pushing conservatives deeper and further even when they know it's not a good idea. 
He finally won the popular vote
Yes! Yippiedippieday!
Lock him up.
Orange is the new orange.
This means nothing without knowing the sentence. And even then it doesn’t disqualify him from office and I’m skeptical it’ll sway many voters. That being said, I suppose this is the best possible news at this point in the process
Thank you actual Jesus! May your every liberal prayer be answered! 🙏🏾🇺🇲
Potentially 4 years in prison, I’ll vote for that
Convicted by a jury of his peers pulled off the street, IN HIS OWN HOME TOWN!
READ: We love IVF and think it should be available to everyone so much that we will do everything in our power to prevent that access being codified into law.
-Senate Republicans
I really love how we have to constantly fight for stuff like this and never address the underlying systemic problems.
Like this stuff SHOULD be addressed, but it feels like we never move forward anymore. Only fight off these gremlins in Congress
You ever notice that when they do actually find voter fraud, 99% of the time it's some MAGA who poses as a dead relative to vote Republican.
The vast majority of voter fraud is from people who own multiple homes and vote in every precinct they have a home in. They nearly universally vote for one political party. And it ain’t the democrats.
They're not afraid of non-citizens voting. They're afraid of non-conservatives voting.
IT DOESN'T HAPPEN they're already making excuses for when the LOSE the election in November.
F the GOP whiny crybabies.
Yeah it makes sense that people would escape living in poverty and at risk of being killed by gangs, walk hundreds of miles through hot deserts, hide from border police, find a place to live under cover, then go register and vote. How idiotic.
Then there's the little issue of them not having a SSN, which is required to even register to vote.
If only there was ya know, evidence ..
One cannot vote , if one's name is not on the list of registered voters .
.
In Florida , getting hit by lightning stikes are more common than voter fraud .
..
...
...
...
<edit> found one fraudster (not immigrant , though)
https://www.newsweek.com/man-charged-voting-dead-mother-trump-3rd-case-voter-fraud-pennsylvania-1556553
Good.
Amen
Why have a memorial for the enemy? Half of what’s wrong with this country is that gives respect to people that hate it and hate the people that respect it.
It is so strange that there was one there in the first place.
Arlington National Cemetery was literally Robert E. Lee's property. The gov seized it from his family and used it to bury Union dead. Why tf is there a monument to the very people who killed those Union soldiers?
It's like putting a big statue to the Nazis in the Normandy American Cemetery.
I mean, how is it different?
Way past time.
A merry Christmas indeed
Ok.


Glauben Sie, dass die Deutschen eines ihrer Denkmäler stehen ließen, nachdem diese Idioten versagt hatten?
What will Trump's nickname for him be?
Non-couch-fucker Waltz?
He really doesn’t have anything else besides the “radical left” bs on him.
Good. She still has a path to Pennsylvania don’t worry. She’ll be OK
This is good news, exactly who I wanted.
The taxpayers paid for much of the research that produced those drugs and should own at least their proportion of the patent.
not only paid, but taxpayer funded institutions performed most of the research and development, passing the product on to private interests. the individuals involved are cut in. the public is fleeced, paying for it over and over. this is how our pharma-war-oil machine works.


If he actually clawed back a few patents it would be amazing. It would set a precedent going forward that could keep prices down without further action -- at least until these ghoulish profiteers of death tried it again.
They’re gouging already - grab the patents right now!
Surely this time, Lucy won’t pull the football away. SURELY
"bIDeN iSnT dOInG aNyThInG"............oh yeah?
Wake me up when he actually follows through on this with more than words.

This is heart breaking to read. I don't know what has happened to the world and especially the USA but I think all of us have someone we love who has been corrupted but the insanity of the false narrative, the conspiracy theories, the hate and fear that the GOP has used to get votes. If you still vote Republican, I don't care how good the individual you vote for is, you are enabling this.
This is tragic, but it’s hard to pry people away from a cult, unfortunately. 😞
Propaganda isn't stopping anytime soon either
Elon Musk is an out of shape, soft-handed internet addict who was born with an emerald spoon up his ass. Anyone who works a regular 9-5 is more "alpha" than him.
Imagine his surprise when he learns that verbally licking the crank of other dudes isn’t very alpha
And the dude’s crank he’s licking isn’t even alpha, either.
Conservatives have no shortage of ideas on how to limit voting.
The Silicon Valley billionaire who mumbles and stumbles his way through sentences and is built like a peanut m&m is very alpha.
Really? The guy who simps hard for the GOP thinks he’s an alpha? What a douche nozzle.
Imagine being Elon Musk and thinking that you're "alpha", lol. 😂
Money can buy a lot of things, but it can't buy you class.
Then only alpha males get to purchase or use any of his products.
Which I'm fairly certain alpha males are specifically avoiding.
unsurprisingly he believes voting should be restricted to those people
exactly like him.
There is no such thing as an alpha male.
This came from a book about wolf packs
Drawing conclusions about humans from wolves is pretty silly. But.....
The author of the book made his publisher stop selling it and he's been telling everybody that the description in the book of wolf packs is completely wrong.
Google it.
The cruelty is the point.
Unsurprising that after you take an already-marginalized population, and then seek to codify that discrimination in law, making it seem like all of society is against them, that many will fall into despair.
History will not look back kindly on how trans people have been treated in recent years.
One step closer to a "Final Solution". They are also trying to make being poor illegal so they can bring back Workhouses.
getting the people psychologically ready to accept the camps as a "necessary" solution.
Hopefully this breaks Federal law and the first person to do this gets thrown in a Federal prison for life.
Oh, it absolutely already does. The issue that is actually at the forefront is whether or not the federal prosecutor for that district is a human fucking being or a Republican. Considering how often the Republican menace has stolen judicial seats under the guise of "we have no idea what we're doing, so here's a couple of judges to lose your mind over" it is likely that this decision will sit until the Supreme Court gets expanded and we enact a policy to ensure term limits, proper representation, and anti corruption policies.
first stigmatize the homeless. then label them dangerous and in need of a solution....then offer the solution of forced labor for their "crimes"....suddenly we have lots of unskilled labor that does not have to be paid for.
To make Kentucky fried homeless people.

The bill says the use of force is “justifiable” if a defendant believes that criminal trespass, robbery or “unlawful camping” is occurring on their property.
It reminds me of the Stand your ground law in Florida. That one is a license to kill too. All you need is to say you felt threatened and you can shoot. There is no obligation to attempt to walk away. People have even fired from behind locked doors and used that one.
Cats around America rejoice!
It's over. Kamala Harris has won.
Why is this making headlines?
Because it is an endorsement that is driving voter registration among her fans and young people.
It’s joever
Opposing MAGA is an easy bar to clear. Where would she land on true labor issues — if it were AOC vs Kamala?
Chaya needs to have a little more fear on her front doorstep. Maybe she'll cut the crap already.
this person basically out here using the internet to order targeted hits on people without any consequences at all.
Someone needs to doxx her.
George Orwell didn’t go far enough. He neglected the combo of Fascism lead by people more astonishing stupid than the Mariana Trench is deep.
we are rushing headlong in to a religious version of Orwell's 1984.
the only way 1984 could have been worse would have been to ad a religious component to their manipulations.
and now they have.
This is almost slander against Margaret Atwood.
Oh, a Department of Life. Great idea! Pre and post natal support, family planning counseling and help, child care, school lunches, special needs education, parenting classes, etc. It would include all of that, right? ... Right?
I would expect that the Dept of Life's primary task would be curtailing the availability of contraception. 
Well, I want a department of death!
Dept of Cake? ;]
Good job leftists. This could become our reality because you won't vote. Let's plunge our country into a far right theocracy because Bidens foreign policy isn't perfect. F....k all of you.
While you’re at it what about people who just can’t be bothered to vote or register to vote? (44% in 2016 - 102,000,000 voters). Or the people actively gerrymandering and making it hard to vote. Or the Libertarians that are actually just ashamed republicans. Or the men and women who just couldn’t see a woman being in charge, and I don’t like Trump?
The leftists who didn’t vote is a pretty small block. But they are also a powerful part of the party who puts pressure on republicans and democrats alike to get ideas on the table. They also have a pretty strong get out the vote system.
Are there stupid people on all sides who make bad decisions? Yes. But we heard you the first billion times. Now what can you do to help?
You’re mad at leftists over an election that hasn’t even happened yet lol
