Jill Stein 2024
The important point here is who wants to support a genocide, nobody, fuck Israel fuck aoc, and until the Democratic Party shows any empathy for Palestine i will support the anti war party
I think they just sent in the B team trolls.
Substitutes. It's a thing in team sports.
Yeah one of them actually admitted we lived in a oligarchy but then us told us not voting for one of the two Fascist parties was "wasting our vote" before they deleting the sock account.
They're scrapping the bottom of the barrel.
The A team wasn't so hot, to begin with.

Watts phive tymes for
AOC is a perfect asset for the deep state. If there ever was a so called „controlled opposition „ she’s the masterpiece. Even better, she works hard for the powers she claims to be fighting! 👎🤮
Your ignorance makes me chuckle, thanks for that
Who?
Because control of the DNC is more important to them than the will of the people, winning elections, etc.
Bernie is not in their clique.
And the Dems are cliquey af
Oh bless your heart
They hate him and personally I don’t want him associated with ‘Hillary Clinton with brain damage and on too much Xanax and gin’ Harris.
Wow.... so we are worrying about conservative ridicule now. You do realize they where going to call Democrats socialists regardless of who was the candidate because it was easy for them to do to placate to their base. God the democrats are so fucking stupid. If Kamala snatches Josh Shapiro who's pro-zionist that's almost a guareentee she will lose the Arab American vote in Michigan. Do the dems want to lose that badly. That's partially a rhetorical question because this election is a repeat of 1968.
We’re not doing this again
You sweet summer child. You think they would rig two primaries just to give it to him now?
Too old. If age is an issue in this campaign: Bernie's out.
I met Bernie a couple of weeks ago. Trust me he is far more senile than majority of the senate
The fight against the corporate establishment is neverending. We need to keep it up.

Clinton: "fuck off lefties, im going to pander to right-wing"
Leftist: "ok"
Liberals: "NOOO HOW DARE YOU!"
Remember the pumas in 2008? Party unity my ass? Good times, DNC astroturfers, do you like turtles?
A minority of Berners did eff up in 2016, sure, but most have every right to criticize Harris, Biden, and Clinton on their policy stances at any time regardless. 
Truly bernout indeed, Blue MAGA.
Bernie fans getting kicked out of the Democrat party because of the establishment.





I’ll forget
This conflict is to usher in WW3 with total destruction of countries and their Allies. The goal is to get Iran and China openly involved. So US can declare war. Not proxy but true Congress approved war.
The history books will only say that if Hamas and their allies win.
Why wouldn't they? As a fake country, Israel is already on shaky ground. Now that its biggest backers are out of ammunition...? Sorry but it's over. Time for them to come home
With luck, there will be people around to write history books instead of just the ashes of WWIII.
You know when you were young in school and in history classes you thought to yourself "wtf, how did people were so conivent to atrocities like those"
Well, you're living one of those historic events rn
Because it's our watch, we have a choice; we don't need to support Israel in its atrocities. We can and we must speak out against them, to tell the world and posterity that we did not go along with the monsters!
Bernie was played again lol the guy said he would run if Biden drop out. So corporate Democrats dint have primary, now they can pick what candidate they want😂😂😂
For Low-Union6249, who blocked me in this exchange, a typical childish and gutless move from the losing side of an argument: https://old.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/1e8sgoy/biden_officially_drops_out_of_election/ledyuoo/
That account wrote this to me:
My reply:
Your gaps in logic can accommodate an elephant.
Good on you for your ideals. Not so good for your insistence that only you have ideals, and only you and those who agree with you know the One True Path for translating ideals into action.
Now it's your turn to provide receipts for "a mainstream candidate" who does not "support genocide." Who would that be? Or do you think the term genocide applies to Ukraine but not Gaza?
Kennedy all the way. The other 3rd parties may be better on policy, but Kennedy polls at 14% above Trump in a head to head. Putting Trump in again is a vote for the surveillance state and big Rx. And putting Kamala/Michelle/Killary would be a disaster.
Thoughts now?
So now the vote is between a cop and a crook?
The cop is a crook too, only establishment crooks never get prosecuted.
And this guy: https://www.reddit.com/r/RFKJrForPresident/comments/1cv7lgo/the_truth_about_robert_f_kennedy_jr_and_his/
A cop and crook who's the crook?
Always has been.
For reference here's his signature from 2010.
Fucktards shut their mouth when Muslims kill muslims.
Precisely. That of course means it is a crime against humanity.
When the US 'helps' Israel it is harming the US.
It deprives Americans of aid for their own problems. It makes Americans complicit in Israel's genocide against the Palestinians. It causes instability in the Middle East. It encourages war. (Edit: Not to mention Israel's attempt to start WWIII by trying to set off a nuke over Iran. That's a line in the sand if there ever was one.)
We are at the point where aiding allies is more harmful than it is worth. If Biden signs the aid bill for Israel, he is committing treason. Any members of Congress who voted for it are traitors.
(Same for Ukraine aid.)
The are controlling the US by funneling funds to politicians. Joo Biden is particularly in Bibi’s pocket. That’s why he lets Bibi spit in his face and then rewards him with a BJ.

The Egyptians are building concentration camps, not refugee shelters:
https://old.reddit.com/r/WayOfTheBern/comments/1c3v9kh/prof_michael_hudson_will_gaza_cease_to_exist_and/
I don’t understand why the US won’t stop funding and supplying Israel with bombs with which they kill unarmed women and children.
“We stand with Israel for as long as it takes to kill all the Palestinians” - US government
Holocaust II
"This time it's our turn!"
Johnstone always captures it.
Why are we involved with Israel at all? When did they become our responsibility? When did it become a rule that we play along with their genocide crimes?
https://x.com/WildernessWypt/status/1789881661586276763
Video (2.05)
Doesn't say who the person is, ie stands for, but this is in response to greedy grifter wanting Gaza to be nuked.
https://x.com/AhmedBa95151837/status/1790029348579283033
⚠️ I support every honorable person with all my strength, do not wait.
https://x.com/Partisangirl/status/1789842438221156760
Video (0.58)
https://x.com/AymanGhAlKhaled/status/1789988617793712182
Video (0.55)
https://x.com/Kahlissee/status/1790061229110702177
Video (2.36)
https://x.com/ShaykhSulaiman/status/1790064210518393270
Video (9.09)
https://x.com/hoaxvstruths/status/1790324313985327109
(1.24)
"Follow the shekels."
The Due Dissidence podcast folks say that Joe and Mika are the leaders of a politics and media jogging club and that they go jogging at 4am before they hit the anchor desks. It would be great if someone found that jogging club and heckled em on tape.
I find it appalling that propagandists and war profiteers in media feel safe enough in their city to run around before dawn. I think DC must have a Green Zone and most inhabitants of DC can't get too close to powerful people without being hassled by police.
I think that would be worth getting up real early in the morning for.
Empress Palpatine
"Oxford University: Hillary Clinton Is A Psychopath"
Oxford University researchers have concluded that failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton displays “extreme Machiavellian egocentricity” and should be officially considered a psychopath.
https://thepeoplesvoice.tv/oxford-university-hillary-clinton/
She saw her shadow, so six more years of war in the Middle East.
That's an unfair comparison. Palpatine actually won his election.
Epstein Island
I feel like Biden and Trump are both very much Pro Israel. No matter which one of them you vote for there will continue to be massive investment in Israel by the U.S. with aid packages. There’s nothing anyone can do.
So anything Benji doesn't like is now Hamas.
Pork? HAMAS!
Shellfish? HAMAS!
Meat on a Friday? HAMAS!
Non-Jew? HAMAS!
This is the beauty of the patriot act. If you call someone a terrorist, then they can be arrested and never have to face a trial. 
It’s not Biden who’s getting these protestors arrested lmao
Fuck, Netanyapoo is insane.
But BiDeN iS lEsS fAcIsT than the Orange fascist!!
Nah, fuck all you Vote Blue gaslit fuckwits. I'm writing in DeLaCruz. Take your glittery unicorn smoke elsewhere.
Next up: Kent State Redux.
Enjoy 4 years of trump
Joe Biden sent the national guard in?! That's news to me.
Nope. He condemned them at the behest of a foreign nation. Sure, calling it a war is rhetoric than an action, but this is a President that’s not only condemning his own citizens, but also his own voting bloc.
Joo Biden is comfortable with police brutality. That’s why people have to take it to the streets.
I’m so tired of this conspiracy what did you expect to happen she’s already one of the leaders of the party being in the White House and don’t forget Joe was vp too so it only makes sense to just choose her and not go through all the political mud slinging that divided the party so heavily and got us a candidate that nobody was excited about. Believe me I wish Bernie would be given a chance and primaries are good for exploring options when you have time to rally around the winner but when the election was literally only a few months away the only thing a primary would have done would be giving a large portion of the Democratic Party false hope that when shattered might convince them not to vote at all
I'm not a troll, I'm just genuinely curious to get some insight into the following:
For me, I would have LOVED Biden to not seek re-election and then have a primary, but due to Biden staying in as long as he did, I have no qualms with how the process went down and I think a primary or open convention would have been ugly for the party. I am personally seeing a lot of excitement and enthusiasm around Kamala that I haven't seen since '08 so that makes me very hopeful.
The excitement and enthusiasm for Kamala is from the news and how hard they are pushing. Go look up Jamal Trulove.
The Democratic Party is a joke. They literally rigged the 2016 primary, and the 2020 primary against the popular candidate that would have had a chance of the Democratic Party nominee and had promoted democracy in their elections. But they do not.
They should have allowed their base to actually vote for who they wanted, not superdelegates or party mega donors
Donald Trump was doing a fascism. Fascism always beats scattered and scared opponents. So the Dems mobilized the best they could a united front with strong leaders. That's the optimal way to play the game.
Decisive unity was important.
We get reports!
Someone call the Whaaambulance! We have someone in immediate need of attention!
Latest conspiracy theory from Maga and Russia completely ignoring the facts.
"Vice President Kamala Harris has been officially certified as the Democratic presidential nominee after getting the vast majority of delegate votes in a virtual roll call, the Democratic National Committee said.
Harris received 4,567 votes from delegates in the roll call, which concluded Monday evening, according to the Democratic National Committee."
This happens when the incumbent president can't run especially so late in the game.
Not a conspiracy just a way for the trolls that have taken over this sub to cause trouble.
He could barely run in 2020, and it took Obama clearing the field for him to have a chance. They knew then he would never make it through to 2024.
If there's a conspiracy, it's how you brigading trolls didn't see this all along.
Didn't NYC just kick out Kennedy from the ballot. You can defend them all you want but there is no democracy
If you don’t want to vote for the obviously best candidate, i.e., Jill Stein, then vote for Kennedy because he got screwed out of debates and running in the primary.
Edit: who are the downvotes for, Stein or Kennedy? What are your orders, bots?
This is such a lame avenue of attack. Of all the things you can attach to Trump, this one is a fail.
Why? Because Trump was the only one to give his full support and help in getting Epstein convicted.
The truth is that Trump kicked Epstein out of his clubs for soliciting the girls who worked there. But because they ran in overlapping NY millionaires clubs, and all smiled for the cameras, you think it means they were close, but "friends" don't volunteer to turn state's evidence against friends.
Try giving us a policy attack, instead.
It’s almost as if somebody stole Epstein’s blackmail material to use for their own purposes.
“Who is John Galt?” Lmao more like “Who is John Doe 174?”
I don’t know whether to laugh or cry
I'd like to know who John Doe #1 thru #173 are.
Funny how this is never talked about.
Not liking how these documents are being cherry picked to use against political rivals. Raises a lot of questions about who is in the rest of the documents, and weather or not those folks are being protected or if they are being blackmailed. If the big Cheeto did a statutory then great, bring in the cuffs. but you better bring enough for everyone. That includes anyone in the justice department who is withholding evidence from the public as a means of corruption.
And the usual timing right before an election.
Trump & Epstein were best buds
No where in OP's article did it say Trump was ever at Epstein's island.
Biden groping children isn't an "awkward moment," it's grooming.
Your relationship to reality is tenuous, at best.
Trump was the only one to give his full support and help in getting Epstein convicted.
The truth is that Trump kicked Epstein out of his clubs for soliciting the girls who worked there. But because they ran in overlapping NY millionaires clubs, and all smiled for the cameras, you think it means they were close, but "friends" don't volunteer to turn state's evidence against friends.
Very possibly. Yet Bitten apparently decided to keep his sexual abuse of minors in-house, as per his daughter's journal. Kopmala got her jollies destroying people's lives.
What part of 'they're all corrupt, criminal scumbags' was unclear to you?
Q: Have we been invaded by the kamala stans yet?
And the liberals in the comments of this thread be like: "Hello fellow populists, we've GOTTA vote for the establishment again this time, or things will be really really REALLY bad for reals!"
Eight years and still going strong.
The Democratic Establishment is a threat to democratic society, not a savior.
Guys have we found a worthy contender to u/sudomakesandwich? This one hasn't even been pinned
I have contenders?
trigger in 3, 2, 1 sponsored by the NRA.....
. . . all while suing third part candidates off the ballots.
...and if you don't vote for her you're misogynistic and racist!
Is that much of a stretch, though? And does it really matter if you yourself are not racist, when voting 3rd party/not voting? You're still increasing the likelihood of racist/fascist policies taking hold by the hands of a dictator. I know you hear that all the time, but your strawman accusation doesn't hold much water when there are other, more concrete reasons to be upset at people like you.
"It makes no difference which one of us you vote for. Either way, your planet's doomed. DOOMED." -Kang
This quote popped into my head
I Don't Need Your Support - Vote Kamala!
I like turtles I guess. idk
Think about this guys, this is how she behave while running for usa presidency what you think will happen when she win the general election. In this race she is the evil one
She doesn’t want to talk about genocide. She wants to be all giggly and positive and bubbly. Talking about genocide just isn’t going to let her do that.
Democrats are going to democrat. They aren’t on the Left. They are left-leaning centrists at best and center-leaning Right-wingers at worst. She is more of the same.
She isn’t an outright fascist and seems to be on-board with policies and ideals that the vast majority of the country agree with. I think that’s honestly the best we can hope for from them. She didn’t speak a lie.
You're right. A centrist is better than a fascist that will accelerate the genocide. If you're not going to help Harris win, at least stay out of the way. You won't accomplish anything better.
She's better for Palestinians than the alternative. She's signaling (we shall see) that she's better on Israel than Biden. There is no better alternative than Harris for now. Hurting Harris will hurt Palestine.
Net consequences outweigh categorical morality. A family living in Gaza who gets carpet bombed next year won't give a damn you voted for Stein or West or "undecided" if it means Trump wins.
Tbh I wish I cared about foreign policy but I just don’t. I want to talk about issues that actually impact Americans including M4A, free college, student loan forgiveness, free daycare, green infrastructure, etc.
You'll Get Nothing and Like It - Vote Kamala!
Not wanting to intervene around the world is a reasonable position but you ought to care about what the government is doing in other countries, because they have a notorious habit of bringing the tricks they learn subjugating foreigners back home to use on the public.
You should look up "Colonial boomerang"
Then you might care and realize what you care about is directly impacted by what happens abroad.
What a lively discussion, and rehashing of familiar toothless TPs, this post has generated! Thanks, NoBalance2024.
toothless TPs?
I think some of these trolls started getting paid at the beginning of the month. Should be fun for the next 64 days.
Penny for the Guy? :-)
1940s German people: "Well, look, we have to support Hitler because he's good for the economy! It is unfortunate that he is murdering millions of people but that is going to happen regardless!"
No Trump. No Harris.
“Trump is so much like Hitler he brokered unprecedented peace in the middle east and had the economy booming!”
You sound delusional.


We Gave You No Choice - Vote Kamala!
Given the tactics the Democrats have done, such as lawfare, primary sabotage, and increasing state repression,voting against the Democrats is the best way to save democracy.
Why couldn’t we have access to her interview tonight? Election is 2 months away. She finally interviews. I should go so far as saying it should be a right to view, without encumbrances?
Yet if you don't vote at all, you will immediately be labeled a "Trump supporter". Either way , the average voter that isn't a low-information voter is screwed.
Trump is the alternative
The saddest thing is that with the American "2-party dictatorship" we have a "choice" between Holocaust Harris and traitor Trump who calls Biden "a Hamas supporter" who is "soft" on Israel with Trump pledging he'd do more for Israel.
That's our "choice." All enforced by a bought-and-paid-for congress in which every single congressperson has an "AIPAC minder" who monitors their obedience and support of Israel. (And with AIPAC thugs not even having to register as foreign agents.)
Remember AIPAC wouldn’t be able to give the money they do if it wasn’t for super PACs made legal by the Citizens United ruling which was voted for by every Republican appointed scotus judge and against by every Democratic one. The only way to get rid of it is overturning the Republican majority on scotus.
Also, I believe Christians United for Israel is a bigger source of domestic Israel lobbying than AIPAC.
I like turtles
I love how liberals will be like "Trump's a liar, you can't trust anything he says" but when he says he'd be more pro-Israel than Biden suddenly he's a trustworthy source
This is insane. What a shit tier subreddit. Sad.
Yea it's insane that the democrats keep supporting a genocide
Why should Biden bother to run? The worse he looks now, the better Gavin Newsom looks in comparison. Then they swap Biden out for Newsom — I’m guessing about a month before the convention. That way they media has enough time to start convincing people that they’re doing the right thing. 
Maybe so, but don’t apologize to Hillary Clinton. Fuck her.
Naw, don’t apologize. She and her supporters are absolutely demented and she’s partially to blame for railroading Bernie.
How anyone could’ve supported her after all the terrible shit she’s done, said, been connected to, and is provably guilty of, is beyond me.
I attended the April 2004 March for Women's Lives in Washington, DC. When Hillary spoke, the applause was deafening. I think most of her supporters were in love with the idea of The First Woman President and transferred that abstract notion to Herself without thinking whether SWMBO was the right recipient of that honor.
If he just cut aid to Israel and made it both a moral case and a fiscal case he could gain voters on both the left and the isolationist right.
He could also push to legalize weed and earn the vote of a lot of young people and non-voters.
He just made moves to move marijuana from a schedule 1 drug to schedule 3. Not quite legalization but a move in that direction
Also independents which outnumber r/ds 2:1.
That second part is how Trudeau became supreme leader of Canada. All hail captain black face!
HRC's wildly expensive, consultant-heavy, and tone-deaf campaign set a new benchmark for mismanagement, but records exist to be broken.

The “celebration” of Dick Cheney in question:
You guys are delusional, lol
I sell my soul to devil in order to stop Trump
I would vote for Hitler's reanimated corpse...
No refunds!
Kamala makes no choice in who endorses her, so she didn’t sell anything.
Personally, I think she, and anyone, should accept the endorsement of any American. That’s called a vote.
It's kinda amusing to think about the fact Tulsi Gabbard announced her candidacy before Bernie did in the 2020 season. If Bernie rallied his fans around Tulsi she'd have gotten an actual shot at challenging Biden, and scaring the DNC not to rig shit.
And I bet a lot of money she'd be a democrat today.
Idiots love to promote the idea that in hindsight it was clear she was "subversive", without pointing to the DNC corruption.
Gabbard isn’t a Marxist-Leninist or leftist though.  And she supports Israel 
Harris' campaign released a statement saying Harris was proud to have VP Cheney's support.
Dems are moving to the Right further and further, period.

"Cracks appear" - what an appropriate flair for this post! Lol
More like "Nuclear Fission Occurs"
I predict a major management cleansing over tge next 12 months. 🤪
Seems like anything that gets in Boeings way ends up dead. So does any of this really matter? They’re going to keep Operations going at all cost.
Israel gets more protesters when protesters are arrested and now Boeing faces more whistleblowers when whistleblowers are rendered silent forever. Godspeed
It's almost like there's an upside to human nature.
I'm guessing by the 3rd or 4th 'sudden death', the number of whistleblowers will drop precipitously. Assuming they haven't dropped precipitously from some high place before deciding they're not whistleblowers anymore.
Yep - what Boeing is doing may very well be sanctioned by the rich, even though they may fly more.
Calls on Airbus.
Or... is there a mental health crisis and people seeking assisted suicide?
Other posts of special interest.
AOC is the future of the Democratic party...
omg
It’s just so amazing how Bernie has kept himself going through all this crap. He must be so exhausted by now. I really really hope and pray some glimmer of true change shows up before we lose him. Will be true vindication of his life long work.
Bernie killed the progressive movement.
He's not a good guy.
Staying true to your morals, in a corrupt systems, and loosing
vs
Winning on promise of corrupt system, and then getting corrupt yourself
That assumes she wasn’t corrupt prior
It’s really amazing to see AOCs transformation play out in real time. I mean not the first politician to do that. I had high hopes with Obama too - and now he is busy making millions & playing king maker. She is going the same route too. Already her compatriots Rashida etc have left AOC, her original base will leave her too and she will 100% become a regular old corporate politician like the others.

Yeah, I guess the democrats should sue all competitors of the ballots. For democracy
The Breakfast Club is KHive. Of course they attacked Jill.
Trying to make Jill out to be a racist was as bad as Warren saying Bernie was sexist.
Damn the money must be good.
"mUh wHy sHoUlD i uM cArE!"
Support Orange Caligula then. That worked out so well. jfc,
You do you, Veruca Salt.
Joe Biden is the first black woman to serve as vice president. Democracy is on the ballot and if we can't get the 1st male presenting black woman to another 4 years than we will have wasted the previous 4 years of this visionary woman of color with white skin.
Look at my left dawg. It is so obvious that so many of yall are WAYYYY more concerned with not looking like a lib to faceless ppl on the internet than actually doing what's best for the ppl and the world. Yall larp as antifascists all day on the internet and then when an actual fascist plan comes and threatens the lives of so many ppl some of yall go out of yalls way to downplay it and actively refuse to do even the bare minimum to try to stop it from happening. It's truly some of the most pathetic shit I've ever seen
What's fascist about it? In fact they talk about abolishing the Federal Reserve, a 'public' institution controlled by a private banking cartel. This is materially anti-fascist.
I know it can be painful when your worldview is disrupted by the cold, hard slap of reality. You're in the anger stage now.
I guess you didn't watch Biden's debate performance.
By that reasoning, why would you vote for either? This reductionist shit is the problem, if you didn't notice there's a shit ton more at stake, than some popularity contest!
WE ALREADY KNOW WHAT HAPPENS - it's 2016 and Clinton all over again.
Indeed. And the Dems still haven't learned.
Yes, the Democratic Party nominated the most hated woman in America and blamed the miniscule Left when she lost to Trump for crying out loud.
That’s common knowledge
I'm sure he does... now that he knows it's safe to do so.
But yet he wants you to vote for the zombie who is supplying them with US tax payer dollars and weapons to carry out ethnic cleansing. Make that make sense.
Not everyone supports Hamas or condones their actions.
Lol.
Bernie was pandering to Zionists not that long ago.
I believe Bernie voted for the war bill that just passed Congress which includes money to Israel.
Not the most recent one but probably in the past.
Is Bernie compromised, lol wtf. We didn't even get a primary, it's not democracy.
What I wanna know is “was Bernie always a fake sellout, or was it after they sandbagged his bid for president”?
Chris Hedges called him out much earlier. He said Bernie had been carrying water for the Dems for decades.
This is the way
🤡
In 2005 the people of New Orleans were devastated by Hurricane Katrina. It happened during the early years of the Iraq War. Thank you Dick Cheney.
Image: https://www.counterpunch.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/08/GWQmHx0WcAAT9AL-680x698.jpeg
The rehabilitation of Cheney by Liberals is extremely concerning.
Edit: I see the shills are here ready to downvote. It hurts to hear the truth, right? Fucking ghouls.
After Katrina struck, Cheney's office ordered local officials to restore power for a pipeline that supplied the Northeast -- at the expense of two rural hospitals and a number of water systems in Mississippi, whose recovery was delayed.
https://www.salon.com/2005/09/14/cheney3/
https://www.motherjones.com/politics/2005/09/where-was-cheney-during-katrina-handling-his-own-emergency/




Bernie Sanders 2024
Bet they never learn from it
They always bring out the boogeyman of the far right to guilt trip you into supporting their right wing agenda.
Why are we so afraid of the far-right anyway? We got guns too
Vote for our bad guy, not their bad guy!
Vote for the lesser evil... no that that one, the other lesser evil!
Good grief. I'm soooooo disappointed in Bernie and if I ever get the chance, I'll tell him so to his face.
Billionaires' gotta get their bottom lines.
Billionaires got to get it all.
But if you vote for the senile octogenarian highly regarded incumbent then we all save democracy and freedom and ukraine from orange man bad and VLAD
Yep another one that committed suicide! Its interesting how all these people that either get arrested or blow the whistle end up dead by suicide.
One of the many issues with Boeing and its 787 "Dreamliner" that (the recently-deceased) John Barnett pointed out was the one-in-four failure rate of O2 gas bottles installed.
Why are the O2 canisters important? Because, in the event of the failure of the primary and back-up systems that supply breathable air to the whole airplane, the pilots and senior cabin crew have to rely on the O2 canisters to get the thing down to survivable altitudes. If 25% as tested don't work and are still installed, well...
He "committed suicide".
Sounds like he got "unlived" by the MIC.
This is what happens, you see. One minute you're preparing for the second or third or umpteenth hearing and... hours later you're "found dead", as if from a bolt from the blue. No accounting for it whatsoever, just a "thing".
Anyone with a memory longer than a gnat might remember the advent of the 787, in which JAL and ANA grounded their "Dreamliner" fleets. Somewhat later, the global fleet of 787s was grounded.
The 787 isn't merely a tale of Li-ion battery failures but the lack of QC by Boeing and, by extension, the FAA.
Oh dear, what an unfortunate turn of events. /s
I don't know all that much, but if Boeing is implicated in any way, so is the FAA because the latter has allowed the former quite a substantial degree of latitude in what is euphemistically-entitled "self-certification".
Not that I'm saying that the FAA would ever compromise the safety of a passenger aircraft just because it's Boeing, perish the thought.
"I swear I didn't cheat."
You mean in Russia , right ? /s
Do we have a Karen Silkwood situation here?
For those who don't know the name: https://www.whistleblowers.org/whistleblowers/karen-silkwood/

Chapter XXI: Lord Beltham's Murderer
It was on the point of midnight, and absolute stillness reigned throughout the house.
But Lady Beltham had not gone to bed. Although she had remained in the great hall where she did her work, she had been unable to settle down to any occupation. She had read a little, and begun a letter, got up and sat down; and finally, beginning to feel chilly, she had drawn an easy chair up to the hearth, where a log was just burning out, and stretching out her slippers to the warmth had fallen into a waking dream.
A sound caught her ear and she sat upright. At first she thought it was some trick of the imagination, but in another minute the noise grew louder; there was the hurrying of feet and voices, muffled at first but rapidly becoming louder, and at last a regular uproar, doors banging, glass breaking, and shouts from all parts of the house. Lady Beltham jumped up, nervous and trembling; she was just going to the window when she heard a shot and stopped dead where she stood. Then she rushed out into the vestibule.
[What's with this quote? Here's the explanation.]
Ça alors, there was more action in that last paragraph than the whole previous chapter 🦇
Just fans of anti-genocide candidates like Jill Stein.
Joe Biden murders children.
Democracy's been dead for quite some time. What the Circle D Corporation has done since at least the 2016 primary contests, and their overt embrace of the worst neocon warmongers their Republican colleagues had to offer at the 2020 Uniparty convention, has removed any illusion that our owners government would allow the practice of democracy to challenge their power.
The histrionic antics of the #Resistance, coupled with the slippery weaseldick practitioners of partisan lawfare, has only managed to acerbate the distrust many already felt about the only other "viable" choice our owners market as political representation for us to "win" absolutely nothing for society by elected them.
Meanwhile, the VBNMW contingent of the American idiocracy will vote for the blue team to stop the red team that sponsors the orange, because they can't win absolutely nothing by voting for the green team that steals votes from blues that helps the reds win.
You have such a way with words....
Oh it goes way further back than that.
Look up the Powell Memo, and watch "An Unreasonable Man", and see the part where both party members lined up to prostitute themselves to business interests.
Those are the two best links ever.
A complete explanation of the scam that is the Democratic party.
Unfortunately, Blue sheep go, "Baaaaaaa!!!"
If they don't care about genocide in Gaza, doubt they'll care about this.

It's amazing how fast the shitlibs will clap and cheer for a war criminal as long as they think it will gain them a tiny bit more power
I think the most hilarious thing for me has been shitlibs eating these DNC pep rallies up despite them clowning on Trump's pep rallies for years. It's the same shit
Excuse me but how dare you assume Dick Cheney identifies as a human being
Maybe if it was just him but it’s tons of republicans and a bunch of Trump’s former staff.
yes those other great patriots that totally arent warmongering neocons like mitt romney, adam kinzinger, john bolton, liz cheney and an article that said 'tons of republicans' that i didnt bother to read.
His endorsement should be seen for what it is..... Proof that there's only One party. 🙄
Much more informed and nuanced discussion than the thought that keeps running through my mind: "you mfers (Kamala et al) have lost your goddamn minds!"

*our
You guys our idiots. FTFY
Look at these pigs pushing her down with a bike.
https://old.reddit.com/r/PublicFreakout/comments/1ceyhnq/presidential_candidate_jill_stein_shoved_down_by/
WTF
She's like 74 years old and weighs about 100 pounds soaking wet. Real dangerous
Arresting her was so unnecessary but will make Bibi happy.

What has Russia done to harm the American people?
She got arrested during an earlier run for demonstrating against the pipeline, as did members of First Nations.
Her arrests are about the only time establishment media acknowledges her existence.
That, and her "state dinner banquet" tête-à-tête with Pooty 🐻
Cops are the baddies. Treating peaceful protesters this way is not going to end well.
As JFK said:
I thought protesting was legal.
https://youtu.be/HY6rrUUdECQ?si=mRcqDdhQjoThf-nI
Good luck with that. I've seen the video and Biden comes off as a moron. Not that Trump is all that great but Biden is a train wreck.
What's the chance we get to kill more non-combatant Palestinians today and over the weekend, Joe, Genocide Joe? Women and children. They don't have weapons, Joe, Genocide Joe. You're supplying advanced weaponry and ammo to one side but not the other. Plus running political cover for the apartheid Israelis and their war crimes (siege warfare, daily mass killings, famine, epidemics, blockade, ethnic cleansing, genocide.) Are those our war crimes too? Another Iraqi "slam dunk"?
You're not playing fair, Joe, Genocide Joe. What if we supplied the Palestinians with 500 lb bombs, 2000 lb bombs, sophisticated drones, tanks, weapons, ammo? You know, as if we didn't have anything against any Palestinian, let alone the bunch of them collectively? The Lancet says 186,000. There's some greater good to killing, wounding, pushing out, oppressing, large numbers of Palestinian non-combatants? Is U.S. tax-payer money funding any of this? What's the participation of U.S. personnel in any of this?
Are we, along with the genocidal apartheid Israeli government/military, terrorists, i.e. terrorist states, along with the Palestinians who fought the Israeli military occupiers on October 7th in order to get hostages to exchange for imprisoned Palestinians (largely civilians who might not have even thrown stones at their oppressors?) No? I assume the armed Palestinian groups killed some Israeli civilians too, i.e. Palestinian atrocities instead of Israeli atrocities. But terrorism is only one way, and not a two-way street?
He immediately recovered, and I can forgive that, EXCEPT that after the debate he couldn't afford this mistake. If he can't keep it together when everyone is watching then what about when people aren't watching?
I love this. I don't want him to step down or removed. This is karma for the corporate dems and all those "progressives" that vote lock and step with them. Let him fireball that party!!
He is too stubborn and evil to remove himself and his family who encourages him to keep running are nothing but a band of carnies in for the grift. This is better than reality TV. You go Joe!! It is only going to get funnier.
It's only funny if you're white, or straight, or rich. 
Biden is laying waste to the establishment Dem party the same way Trump did to the GOP, it's glorious!
Jill Stein 2024.
Even a normal 'commie' who still has a few brain cells is better than either Trump or Biden.
Voted for her last time, voting for her again.
Hate to break it to ya, but democracy ended a long time ago. The us is currently a Corpocracy. This country has been run by big corporations for a long time, with our representatives being nothing more than puppets.
Here be parody
Democracy is an IDEA.
They give speeches about democracy and people clap. That’s democracy!
Trump did literally say “you won’t ever have to vote again”
Shhh sub regulars don’t like it when you say mean things about Trump.
I like turtles
Double negative?
Stop being dramatic. We was fine during his presidency. I’m more concerned about Kamala winning than Trump. It will be 4 more years of Biden.
Thank god I’m gonna vote for Biden now
Lots of Russian bots in this sub lately
Wtf happpen to sub????!?
